['Great family owned pizza pizza open for 30 years. Prices are awesome, food is great, and Jimmy is a good genuine guy. Plus it helps that I live right next door. Yummy']
['My son recently move to  a big house in Vernon street which is in front of this establishment and I took my son and introduced him to one of the owners (Chris ) who was very nice and treated you like a buddy \nHe prepared a chicken salad with grilled chicken that was one of the best I ever had , with plenty of chicken , we also had a ham and cheese sandwich that was very good and Fresh , with all the vegetables \nThey have all kinds of pizza and Greek style baklava \nYou can park your car in the back with plenty of spaces and enter the place from the back entrance too \nI heard that the calzone is one of the best in town \nThe prices are very reasonable \nThank you \nAnd keep the good work']
["Very disappointing. The pizza was premade slices on the counter.  Came inside after a long drive into the Boston area from New York. Almost took a right and fell down the stairs.  Grabbed a couple slices and asked for the bathroom.  In a nasty attitude the server, who I am assuming is the owner gave me attitude, gave me a history of how he got sued so no one is allowed to use the bathroom!!! A lie at best and told me to walk next door.  Next door where I asked?  Across the highway to the hotel !!! And as fast as he told me this the pizza was out of the oven and in my hands.  Cold and soggy.  Maybe he thinks he can treat his customers poorly due to the transient, off highway, drive by traffic location but that is not how you talk to customers.  Especially if you don't have good food to back it up.  There are plenty of great pizza in Boston.  Go there"]
['Was in the area for a wrestling show and had lunch there before the show and they were great.  Friendly staff/owner and they even gave a me a discount on my order.  Food was great.  Definitely would hit them up again if I was in the area.']
["One of my favorite local takeout spots. Lived right around the corner for 3 years before learning about this gem! Huge fan of the beef soulvaki and the chicken soulaki pitas. The 'Zorba the Greek' pizza is amazing too!"]
['I started a new job in Newton a couple of months ago, just around the corner from C &amp; N, so I have started frequenting them. \nI think they are extremely good people, always make you feel welcomed and make sure you never have a long wait. Their food is also exceptional, I highly recommend their salads, wraps and I love their Hawaiian pizza, I would eat it every day if I could!! \nIf you want a great, friendly place with great food, make sure to visit them']
["Big fan of this place.  The food is above average and the service is also quite friendly.  When you need a slice or a quick sub, they will fit the bill and then some.  I'm glad I found this joint and have been back a couple times."]
['We find this place and now we are addicted they do have the best pizzas ever, and the prices are really good, customer service is the best, fast service. we live pretty close by so we can come by at least twice at week.']
['We love C &amp; N ! Delivery is fast and food comes HOT, service is outstanding, everyone there is so nice, and we have NO complaints about the food. Prices are so reasonable with the portions! Thanks to the staff all around, one of the best pizza joints in Newton\n Recommend:\nWing dings - so fresh and crispy\nPizza - Greek style, comparable to D&amp;A! Nice light and crunchy crust\nGreek salad- so generous w the feta so get it on the side, nice fresh veggies! Love the radishes and red cabbage they add, with chicken is even better (the marinade is so tasty w plenty of herbs and the meat stays juicy), comes w pita\nGyro- wow!The lamb is sliced super thin, the layers of flavors are spot on w the raw onions and tomato, the sauce is light and delicious']
["Family owned great little pizza shop. Everything made fresh in house. Friday nights they have a fish special with fresh haddock prepared with rice and vegetables-YUM! \nI have eaten many, many times and the food is consistent and tasty. The owe family works the place and they are wonderful! Special orders have never been an issue which I love because I am particular. Wonderful soups daily and I appreciate that they do not over salt the food. I can add my own salt but you just can't take it out! They will make platters or do large orders with a smile too. This is my go to a couple of times weekly--highly recommend."]
["I'm from Connecticut, the land of the best pizza in the USA. Since relocating to Boston, we have been searching for a hole in the wall place that can even compare. We had lost hope that any place could be as good but we're hoping to find somewhere that at least came close. C&amp;N has exceeded our expectations and even, dare I say, exceeded many of the great CT joints. Pizzas are loaded with great toppings, have excellent crust and a high quality tangy tomato sauce. Cheese is plentiful and not overdone. If you know pizza, and know that the best pies come from holes in the walls, then Try C&amp;N. Their grinders (not subs) are excellent as well. I couldn't decide on meatball or Sausage  so he made me a combo. Well filled with a great marinara sauce."]
['My boyfriend and I live right across the street so we go here at least once a week. The pizza is awesome, as is everything else we have ordered. The staff is always so nice! We love this place!!!']
['The best sub shop in town! My husband and I keep coming back here because they serve the best subs in town. We\'ve been to ten sub shops or more in and out of Boston and we are sub lovers, but nothing beats C &amp; N. the owner is very friendly too whenever he sees my husband he calls him "hey buddy". Personally, I recommend their tuna sub, ham &amp; cheese sub, buffalo chicken sub &amp; BLT sub. their fish sandwich is good too, for fish lovers like me. their baklava is great and delicious too. And Oh, their Greek Pizza is the bomb!']
['Excellent pizza the Greek chicken wrap is my favorite. Staff is superb! Price is very reasonable']
['I have had a few Italian cold cut subs here. Delicious and great value.\n\nNice family run place.']
['This pizza is the best I have had in a quite long time - simply amazing food, but even better service! Allie at the front counter was beyond exceptional, and the staff went above and beyond for us. Wow!']
["It was taken over by new management. Thankfully.\n\nNow it's just a basic, local pizza joint. Friendly staff. Expansive menu. The pizza? Crust is a bit thick and doughy, cheese was pretty good, perfectly acceptable. \n\nVery glad it's gotten better."]
["I've been eating at this shop for 15 years and til this day I cant say enough good things about this place. Ever since the new management, this place has drastically improved. First off, this is the cleansiest pizza shop I had ever been too. Due to my job, I regularly eat out and let me say that it's extremely hard to find a shop where you can trust behind closed doors. They use nothing but premium ingredients and their steak is not processed. Bottom line is if you want trusted, quality food for the right price, this is the place to go."]
['Very nice little place, excellent meat ball sub! Fried mozzarella sticks and wings were awesome. Pizza was hefty and tasty, had a somewhat unusual, sweet, herbal flavor. Very nice people. I carried food back to the hotel across the street.']
["Today I was working in Newton, just for the day and decided to try this place. I got something very simple grilled chicken wrap with just cheese, buffalo sauce, and chips, couple of drinks. They forgot the buffalo sauce. When I went to pay they swiped my card but the machine was out of paper. He hit cancel when it should've been printing not cancel when the transaction was being processed. He swiped my card again, I asked if I would now get charged twice he explained no but of I noticed it did to call. I went home checked, got charged twice. I then called and he said I needed to come how proof, I live an hour away. I said I'd send a picture on a cell phone. Said no kept arguing and hung up on me. I have never ever had such horrible service in my life. I will never return."]
["Quick, good sandwiches and very tasty pizza.  The guys behind the counter also knew me by my second visit, and were incredibly friendly.  The setup is a little confusing on your first venture into the store, but once you find the menu (hanging from the ceiling) and decide what you want, just step right up to the counter and you'll quickly get someones attention.\n\nAs an extra warning, you have to spend a certain dollar amount to use a credit card....it may be $8....I can't remember for sure.  I visit when I'm in town for work."]
["I just ordered pizza from this place a few minutes ago and decided to see if anyone has Yelped about it. Guess not! I've ordered pizza from the great folks at C&amp;N a few times since moving to Newton Corner and have enjoyed it immensely. Not too thick, not too thin, the buttery crust and tangy sauce blend together to make a tasty greek-style pie. \n\nI haven't had the pleasure of ordering anything else off the menu, but it certainly boasts many of the mom and pop pizza shop favorites at VERY reasonable prices. The owners are very, very nice and prepare everything themselves. I'd love to give five stars to this town gem, but I feel like I'd need to sample more of their menu before doing so."]
["This place is old school, no fancy toppings, zero ambiance, no HD tv's, just pizza and subs.  As far a cheese pizza goes, these guys make a really good Greek style (not too greasy, but just enough), and after going to Bertucci's a few times, you'll really appreciate the value."]
['This is a find. Nothing out of the ordinary, just a good old sub shop. Ingredients are fresh and well-chopped. What\'s great though is the staff. They have new management and the old guy is friendly, calls you "boss." The younger woman, his daughter?, is very sweet and nice. Good little family place. They even take credit cards over a reasonable amount. I remember the days (ten years ago?) when a place like this in Boston didn\'t take credit.']
["this place is pretty close to my office so when i'm lazy and want grease i go here for their cheese pizza.  the sacue is sweet, the cheese is plentiful and in my opinon the crust is one of the best i've had in boston."]
