["Dave, you can get Fresh with me any time!\n\nI'm a proud Davis Square resident, and you're by far my favorite neighbor. You're oh-so-generous with your free samples of cheeses, oils/vinegars, and sauces/dips. And you sure get the party going with the wine/beer tastings in the back room!\n\nI've picked up a variety of fresh pastas &amp; sauces for an easy dinner at home that tastes restaurant-quality. I tend to gravitate toward the ravioli since there are so many interesting varieties! My latest purchase was the August special, a lemon &amp; parsley ricotta ravioli, which I paired with their arugula &amp; toasted almond pesto. It tasted like all of the best parts of summer. In my experience, 1 pound of pasta is enough to feed 3 people (or gives one person lots of yummy leftovers!). There are also frozen pastas and other goodies in the freezer for grab-and-go if you need your pasta NOW and aren't about waiting in line at the counter.\n\nIn addition to the pasta (and did I mention the samples?), the market boasts many international as well as local delights, from cheeses to snacks to desserts. And don't forget to grab a made-to-order sandwich when you stop by! The Cuban and anything with pesto are sure to satisfy.\n\nThanks, Dave, for being the freshest neighbor and best pasta pal."]
["I don't usually go out for sandwiches because chances are, I can make it at home. BUT I will make an exception for Dave's sandwiches. \n\nMy go-to is the French Ham on ciabatta bread (sliced, not the roll). Grilled? Yes please. I prefer sliced Ciabatta over the roll because the roll gets too crunchy after it's grilled. The French Ham consists of granny smith apple (tart), brie (creamy), ham (salty) and dijin mustard (tangy). The combination of those flavors is just so good. Who would've thought to combine these together?! The brie also melts a little when it's grilled. YUM! \n\nI'm also a fan of the frozen pastas and sauces near the deli, particularly the pumpkin ravioli with mushroom cream sauce. \n\nThere is limited seating inside (maybe 3 tables?) and some seating outside. \n\nI agree the prices are a little high, but the flavor and quality is worth it."]
['Having just eaten their brie and fig sandwich special for lunch, I thought it would be a perfect time to write a review for this place.  Now that I\'ve just scarfed the fresh ravioli (ricotta and sweet peas) and Italian ragu sauce that I picked up after my sandwich experience, I can now write a complete and thorough review of this spot.\n\nI saw this place on the Yelp Top 100 from way back when and knew I had to come check this space out.  I\'m visiting from California, and I wanted to impress the lady-friend I\'m visiting with a "cooked meal".  What ended up being a pickup for ravioli turned in to a lunch spot as well.\n\nLunch: The sandwich was on point and, judging by the crowd they pull for dine-in lunch and take-out orders, I would say many would agree with me.  The Brie and fig played perfectly off of each other, and it helped that they use some high quality bread for their sandwiches.\n\nRavioli:  I have never had "fresh ravioli" before, and the fresh ravioli here lived up to the hype.  A pound of ravioli and pasta sauce set me back 15 bucks, and was more than enough food for two hungry people for dinner.  The price point worked for me, as well as the quality of what I tasted.  They have so many pastas and raviolis to choose from as well as pasta sauces, which means there are so many more iterations and combination that I need to try!  All you have to do is follow their simple instructions on boiling the pasta and ravioli, heat up your sauce, and you are good to go!\n\nWhenever I come visit this I will make sure to include this space as a stop on the itinerary.  Solid 5 stars in my book.']
["It's been so long since I visited Dave's that I didn't even realize that I've been here until I actually stepped in. \n\nIf I'm not mistaken, this was the first 'sandwich' place Yelp ever led me to. A staple in Davis Square, Dave's is so much more. Between the dedicated wine section, deli, butcher, homemade pasta, baked goods, and groceries, this is a one stop shop. If that isnt enough, how about the cooking classes to enhance your culinary skills??\n\nSandwiches are all made to order, with the option to make you own. Daily pasta specials are also available. The bread choices are phenomenal. \n\nThe Boston area is a top notch sandwich destination, so to be honest I have found better sandwich dedicated shops in the city, but nothing compares to this atmosphere, an ever moving organism full of life. Dave's reminds me of a European open air farmers market. Well, minus the Europe and minus the air...."]
["Perfect for all of your needs! Dave's Fresh Pasta has food, cheese, wine, sandwiches and a variety of chocolates! The store is always packed - for good reason! They offer lots of samples on the weekends and wine tastings. Their fresh pasta is delicious and they make it fresh before your eyes! Afterwards, you can browse the store for cheese, wine, chocolate and a variety of interesting imported goods! \nIf you are hungry, there make delicious sandwiches with fresh bread and meats! My friend had the Brazilian Hangover Helper which had a herb bread, fresh cheese, pickles, banana peppers and ham. It was toasted in a panini maker making it hot and crispy! \nDave's Fresh Pasta is the perfect place to stock your next get together :)"]
["Came by for lunch when lunch in the office ran out of food. I got the steak horse radish sandwich toasted. The sandwich hit just the right spot - crispy sourdough bread that crunches when you bite into it; the horseradish was not overpowering and covered the steak pieces perfectly;  the steak were perfectly cooked so it's not too chewy or tough, but still retains it shape. \n\nThey also had fresh pasta and a deli in the back which both looked amazing. I would definitely come back here."]
['There are so many sandwich and pasta options that it took me a while to decide! Finally tried the steak and boursin cheese sandwich recommended by the cashier.  The bread was very easy to eat, not hard at all! The steak was very tender and thinly sliced so that was also easy to chew on.  The cheese added creaminess and flavor to the sandwich!  For $10, the sandwich was big enough to share between two people.  In addition to sandwich and pastas, they have a bunch of unique chocolate, chips and sauces to try.  Would come here again to try another sandwich.']
["A pasta lover's dream.  When you walk into the store, take a right and you'll be in pasta heaven with all the fixins - blocks of delicious cheeses (they have samples!), a whole open fridge dedicated to tubs of various sauces from spicy marinaras to oh-so-divine cream sauces. At the counter, you can order fresh pasta made on the spot (lots of different kinds to choose from) and cut to your liking from linguine to fettuccine to pappardelle (there are more, I can't remember them all). \n\nFor a dinner party of 6, 2lbs of pasta will do you good (the guy recommended this amount and was right on point! - we still have leftovers from the 2 lbs alone). I opted for 2.5 lbs of pasta: pappardelle cut plain egg noodle at $4/lb, cracked black pepper pasta at $4.25/lb and as an extra, a little bit of spinach pasta at $4.25/lb. While I opted to make a white wine garlic butter sauce at home as an option, I stocked up on Dave's amatriciana sauce, which was very tasty. It had the right amount of spice and was all around flavorful - wouldn't have known if they didn't have a sample out!  Their arrabiata sauce is great, too! There's also a heart stopping lemon wine cream sauce somewhere that they put out for sampling at one point that's not bad either, although I don't remember the name. Doubtful you can go wrong with any of the sauces really!\n\nDave's is a sweet local grocery shop! They have frozen pasta, some fresh produce (although kinda pricey), a wine shop and lots of exotic snacks and condiments for palates in need of adventure. \n\nI've only ever had one sandwich here and it was good, but dare I say it? It wasn't the mindblowing experience everyone was telling me it would be (one of the roast beef ones with horseradish) - it needed something and I can't tell what it was.  Sandwiches are typically $10.  There is no discernible way for you to order if you come in when there's a crowd. Just go to the person who's NOT the cashier to put in your order.  I plan on returning for more sandwiches and am awaiting that moment when you realize you can't live without that sandwich being a regular part of your existence (when that happens this place is only going up!). The fresh pasta section has already wedged its way into my heart.  \n\nCustomer service is typically friendly - they have lots of staff on hand to help you whether it's at the deli, fresh pasta section, or if you need help choosing a wine. \n\nIf you wanna treat yo self, Dave's is a solid choice. 4.5!"]
["I can't say enough good things about Dave's. Fantastic pasta and sandwiches. There is a small selection of just about anything you could need - a selection of fruits and veggies, milk, eggs, soap, cheese, meat, wine and pasta. Great lunch spot if you're lucky to work nearby. The wine selection is akin to whats available at the wine bodega in the North End. They're only open till 7 which is a bit of a bummer, but reasonable given its a locally owned spot. This is Somerville's Formaggios but less expensive. I have yet to attend a pasta making class but its on my list!"]
['Dave\'s Fresh Pasta came highly recommended by a couple of friends, so we knew we had to head there at some point on our trip! \n\nService: for being a familial shop, they were very unfriendly, and I would even dare say rude. They didn\'t tell us the line to order is against the counter, so we just waited in the wrong spot for about 10 minutes while they stared at us!!! It was about 2pm so it\'s not like we can equate it to the afternoon rush... they just showed no interest in us being informed. Even after we ordered, there were no "thank you\'s" exchanged or any sort of pleasantries. It seemed like we were genuinely bothering them, which is horrible. -1 star\n\nSpace: there are five bar stools on the right side of the entrance, and three tables with about 7 seats to the left side of the entrance. Very, very limited seating, and when we were there people were just hanging out and not even eating. -1/2 star\n\nFood: decent priced sandwiches (~$10 a piece) with a plethora of bread, meat, cheese and veggie options if you want to create your own. My BF got a steak sammie that I thought was incredible, and I got the Prosciutto &amp; Fig sammie with a generous portion of prosciutto, mozzarella and fig jam. My only complaint is that it was slightly on the sweet side because it was a bit too much jam, as evident by the soggy bread. -1/2 star \n\nI would definitely go back if I planned to take it to go! The food alone is cheap and pretty delicious, so it\'s a good lunch spot.']
["Dave's. Is. The. Best. First of all, I have never had pasta here. Second, I have known close friends to order multiple sandwiches so they can eat one now and one later the same day. I do not think is not a crazy idea.\n\nI would easily consider Dave's in the elite tier of sandwiches nationally (in the conversation with Ike's in SF and the bahn mi at Hometown BBQ in NYC). Get any of them grilled on the press and you will understand. My personal go-tos are the steak and cheese and the pesto chicken. Their meat is always delicious, never dry, and everyone goes together perfectly in a melty-warm-crunchy package of delight. \n\nThey have cool indie sodas like Bubble Up. You can get wine, cheese, the eponymous pasta, even some groceries. But who am I kidding, I'm here for the sandwiches. I have never had trouble with service as mentioned in some reviews - it's easy (in my experience) to find the line and pay when I want to pay. You can pay when you order, or when you pick up, or anytime in between. I'll often be asked several times while waiting - it has always been my experience that they take good care of people."]
["I love this place! I've been a few times, including times to browse, buy groceries, and check out their sandwich options.\n\nFirst, they have a huge option of sandwiches and the few that I've tried have all been delicious! I recommend to have your sandwiches made as paninis. The down side to their sandwiches being great is that many people seem to share this opinion, so during peak lunch time the place can be very crowded and wait times somewhat long. If you're not in a hurry, the wait is definitely worth what you get! Also, they surprisingly have good coffee-- something I overlooked until my last visit.\n\nSecond, they have small but fresh produce, bread, and cheese sections. Most items seem to be local and/or organic. They also have nice samples of cheeses, dips, and on select days- wine! They have a decently sized wine section in the back. \n\nThird, they have a wide range of fresh pasta, sauces and hummus that I've always eyed. It's on my to-do list to try these product for my next visit. I'm also excited to find out they have cooking classes-- something I hope to check out in the future."]
['Not sure if this is an always thing, but the ceiling was filled with smoke when I came in. Filled with is a bit of an exaggeration, but if my kitchen had that much the alarm would be going off. A bit concerning.\n\nGot the veggie and goat cheese sandwich, let them pick the bread as the cashier said it was her favorite sandwich and took a seat at the window. Good space for a few people to sit. The sandwich was perfect with the amount of crunch from the bread and the creaminess of the goat cheese.']
["I have lived in Davis for the last 5 months and what a disappointment I didn't discover this place sooner! I don't even like sandwiches usually and try to stay away from pasta because #carbs. \n\nBut this place is AMAZING. It's everything I live about local food. I've never had the pleasure of having someone cut pasta to order for me in my life. Which also meant I googled how to cook fresh pasta shortly after I got home w my dinner haha \n\nI raved about it at work for days and still do. If anyone comes to visit me I take them here. It's really the gem of Davis square \n\nOnly draw back - hours. Working in retail i can't always get here as often as I like because they only open at 11:30 and aren't open too late."]
["This is one of my favorite spaces in Davis Square. Such a great little shop!\n\nPrepared food: both their pasta and sandwiches are excellent. I've never ordered myself at the store, but my office gets lunch catered by them occasionally and it's always excellent. \n\nSemi-prepared food: homemade pasta to take home and cook, tubs of sauces and dips, excellent fresh bread, a killer cheese selection, and delicious Italian deli meats. You can't go wrong.\n\nGrocery: They have a small produce section that is always fresh and good, but prices are definitely higher than a regular supermarket so I usually avoid them. They have an excellent collection of various flavored oils and vinegars, jellies and preserves, fancy cookies, etc. I was thrilled to find harissa there for a recipe I was making recently when it was no where to be found at Stop and Shop.\n\nTchotchkes: There's a few sweet little kitchen gadgets and gifts for the culinary minded. I've had my eye on the olive wood cheese board and tools for a while now (ARE YOU READING THIS MOM?! CHRISTMAS IS COMING)\n\nBooze: An excellent variety of wines and two knowledgeable wine room managers to help you find whatever style, type or flavor you're looking for. There is also a small beer selection, mostly hip and trendy brews from local and small brewers. No liquor that I know of.\n\nWine club: I love being a member of their wine club. $60 for 4 bottles of wine per month. It's not much of a discount, I think the bottles average out to about $15 each anyways, but it's always nice to have two people who know wines suggest some favorites for you to try. I also really appreciate the scroll they include each month with details about the vineyard, grape varietals, style, flavor profile, and food pairings. I'm definitely learning a lot about wine. I won't say I always like every wine, but there's always at least one bottle I'm a huge fan of. In the 5 or 6 months I've been a member, I've stumbled upon 3 or 4 favorite bottles that I'm proud to pop for guests or bring to a party. \n\nEvents: They regularly have samples out to try: cheeses, sauces, wines, etc. They also host cooking classes and cocktail evenings but I haven't been to one yet."]
["You can call ahead to place an order for pickup! All I have to say is: fig and prosciutto sandwich. Get it. Life changer. Amazing. End of story. The ratio of fig jam and prosciutto is perfect. They don't skimp on the prosciutto which is awesome and the bread is fresh and perfectly toasted."]
['Take a class here, it will be the best class you ever take. \n\nAs a Christmas present to each other, my roommate and I signed up for the pasta-making class. We signed up early, and good thing we did, because they\'re booked out about 3 months from today. I\'d never been here but had heard very good things from another friend. \n\nCome in, apron up, and fill up your small tasting glass with as much wine as you\'d like. They keep it coming. Cheese and crackers along the way help stops your stomach from rumbling as a sauce simmers on the stove and he\'s teaching you the importance of good eggs and how to really feel the recipe. And by that I mean, the "recipe" is very subjective. Take the class, you\'ll understand. \n\nWe made fettuccine and spaghetti, plus ravioli and tortellini (spinach ricotta filling and sweet potato filling). We got to bring home the fettuccine, but ate the spaghetti, ravioli and tortellini for dinner. They sell premade ravioli and fresh pasta by the pound. Seriously, out of this world. \n\nThen you get to roam around the store and buy whatever you want for 10% off. \n\nAmazing.']
['Amazing homemade pasta. Tried the eggplant pine nut ravioli. Bought some of their homemade sauce and whipped it up quickly at home. Not too expensive ($10 for a pound of ravioli) and I would definitely do it again.']
["I've stopped in here a few times for wine and snacks--the wines of the month are usually pretty tasty and reasonably priced. However, I finally got some fresh mushroom ravioli a few weeks ago, and it was delicious! I brought it home and made it with a white wine cream sauce. Like an elevated version of everyone's favorite Italian chain!\n\nI've never tried their to-go food, but I've heard good things. Definitely stop in if you have the chance."]
["Upon walking into Dave's Fresh Pasta, I got hit by a bout of deja vu - I think I've been there before... but I'm pretty sure that this was the first time I ordered up one of their sandwiches.\n\nDave's Fresh Pasta consists of several adjoining rooms, yet it is rather small and dense.  It is filled with many things from wine to fresh vegetables to maple syrup to candies to baked goodies, with a meat counter on one side, a pasta room on far right, and a sandwich counter in between, yet it is still well organized with a number of seating options placed about in addition to the tables set outside along the sidewalk as a makeshift patio.\n\nFor my lunch, I was a bit overwhelmed with the tasty sounding sandwich options - please don't make me choose! - so I went with the Build Your Own route, and ordered a grilled chicken on sliced ciabatta with mozzarella, spinach, tomato, roasted peppers, vinegar peppers, caramelized onions, with honey mustard, grilled for $8.50. ($9.10 after tax)  What I got was a rather large creation - half was enough to satisfy my appetite.  Yum!  But a bit messy to eat on the go as the juices ran through my fingers.\n\nI considered picking up some sauce and homemade pasta to go after overhearing a conversation about how it makes for a really quick and yummy meal (15 min), but since I was going to be out for dinner the next couple of evenings, I had no idea when I would have the chance to enjoy the fresh pasta at its best.  (Their sauces last longer.)  Another time, I guess.\n\nAnd now that I know just how close Dave's is to the Davis Square T stop, there will be another time!\n\nMy pleasure to write Dave's Fresh Pasta's #601 Yelp review!"]
["We got sandwiches here, and they were really good. Nothing like a local grocery store with a killer deli. They also have in stock some pretty high end charcuterie which in itself was worth 5 stars to me. I don't live here, but I'll make sure to come back here when I'm intown."]
["Yum-mers! Super tasty, big, sandwiches and shelves full of tasty things you want to buy, but can't really afford. The place is always packed, which can feel a bit chaotic, but somehow, everyone sorts out the line. Wish it was more affordable, but that's true of pretty much everything here."]
['Just stood in line for over 15 minute for this guy to run this lady\'s American Express card 4 times and walked away for 7 minutes to ask for help, when there are signs clearly said "no Amex!"  He even apologized to the lady for the wait but not a word to me. And!  He asked the guy in gloves slicing meat to ring me up instead. I stood and waited extra long to follow the rules and get fish at the right counter only to wait even longer for someone else to be an exception to the rules. \n\nCustomer service or basic decency are bloody non existent. Worst service ever!!  I\'m going to ask my husband to stop regularly buying those large quantity of meats cheeses seafood from here. Because this is how they treat people!  Awful awful people. I don\'t know if it\'s discrimination or just crap customer service. But this is absolutely awful']
["Conveniently located on the border of Davis and Teele Square, Dave's is the foodie grocer for locals.  They provide ready made food items and excellent provisions to make your own meal, including cool gourmet tidbits such as pearl salt and quail eggs.  I noticed an organic toiletries section, yet to try!  The counter help is nice and there's indoor and outdoor seating.  Only downside is that it isn't open for morning commuters."]
["Went here on my second to last day in Boston. Can't believe I lived in Somerville for a good four months without coming to this gem. \n\nBLT was one of the best I've ever had, good selection of wine and beer along with fresh produces on the market side. \n\nDefinitely coming back here when I'm back in Boston again."]
["This place is a small gem in Davis Square. I don't think I can say anything new that hasn't been mentioned in other reviews but this place is seriously packed with all delicious things Italian! \n\nYou can get fresh pasta from the counter, or there's some pre packaged along with other cooked platters (like lasagna etc.) and sauces! I personally am too lazy to make fresh sauces so this place is a great alternative to the canned stuffed at the supermarket. \n\nAlso you can get freshly made sandwiches here. It's definitely a bit confusing when you walk in where to order and pay especially when there are a lot of other people waiting around but definitely worth the confusion. I've had a couple of their sandwiches but there menu is quite large so I need to come back more before I can say which I like the best!"]
["Very busy on the weekends for lunch, especially on nice days. Got the pesto chicken on focaccia grilled and it was absolutely amazing. Price was about $10 which isn't bad considering the average rate in the city."]
["..ordered a sandwich to pick up, with grilled chicken #1 on foccacia with avocado grilled. Usually I order there and don't ever have a problem with the quality of sandwiches. My little one was sleeping and in a rush so did takeout. The bread fell apart the cheese was slimy on the bread and it was cold and half dissolved TWENTY minutes after I called and got it. Not okay. Won't go back again after I used to praise this place."]
["Do you have a minute to talk about the Gospel of Dave?\n\nAll joking aside (... okay, half-joking), Dave's is so good. Everything they do is high-quality. I've griped about a $9 sandwich before because most of them are more bread than anything, but I'm willing to shell out for the sandwiches here, no question. (Get the beef &amp; boursin. Just do it. Thank me later. Bring napkins.)\n\nMost of their stuff that's not prepackaged is homemade. The pasta (duh), cookies, salads, sauces, appetiser-type things. They have fruitcake during the holidays that's actually pretty good, and they make it because Dave wants to. (You might actually spy the titular Dave kicking around on occasion.)\n\nThey have a small but well-chosen beer and wine selection, and a few funky imported items that are tricky to find elsewhere or cost a billion dollars for shipping on Amazon. Their meat counter is a bit expensive but also good.\n\nPoint is, everything they do is good. Go here. I'm 99.3% sure you won't regret it."]
["Hands down this is the best sandwich place in the area, if not MA! I'm unfortunately moving to JP and will miss this neighborhood comfort. Personal favs are the Pesto Chicken and Caesar Wrap. You can buy their homemade Caesar dressing as well..it's pretty freakin fabulous. And last, but not least, their frozen garlic bread is beloved by everyone I know. Yeah, I said it, frozen garlic bread that is actually good. You can't go wrong here!  My cold heart grew three times it's size the first day I went to Daves."]
["I love Dave's Fresh. I had a Mediterranean wrap with chicken tonight and it was to die for. All of their sandwiches are exceptional and they use quality ingredients. The store is very cute and if I had lots of $$ I would do all of my grocery shopping here. Definitely a little pricey for a sandwich but after you finish the sandwich the $9-$11 is well worth it. SO good. They have a small seating area in the front and some stools so you can find a place to pop a squat and chow down but its best to order and eat out in the square on a bench. \n\nI highly recommend."]
["IT'S SO GOOD. IT'S SO GOOD!\n\n(I could end the review with just that, but I won't)\n\nThe food here is amazing, I love the fresh made pasta and I eat it often. A moment of confession here-- sometimes I use one of those cheap jarred sauces over it and I swear still tastes amazing cause the noodles are just that good.\n\nAll of the salads and antipasti things are house-made and they usually have a unique twist on them. The sandwiches are hearty and expertly designed. I don't buy much of the fruits, veggies or mushrooms, but I'm a sucker for the cheeses, cured meats, imported snacks and sweets. The frozen dishes are easy to reheat (obvs) and they taste like they were made that day regardless of how long they've been in the freezer. Everything is great and I don't think there's a single thing I wouldn't recommend. \n\nThe wine selection is obviously amazing too, but as someone that gets her fill off of $5 wines at Trader Joe's on Mem Drive, I haven't brought myself to purchase much of anything just yet. I did get a really nice Cab Franc for a wine snob friend once, but she said it was too 'green' for her liking, but I'm 'blue' sure she just repeats shit she reads in wine blogs so ignore it. \n\nYou can't go wrong here, so go here!"]
["You literally can't go wrong with Dave's. They have something for everybody here. I had the sun-dried tomato turkey and was able to save the over half for dinner that night! I love the store itself because it's kind of a sit down place but you can obviously take it to go. The service was friendly and I loved the food! Will definitely make this part of my weekly routine."]
['I love this place. However, the last three times that I have tried to come they have been closed. No signs on the door except those that state how they should be open at that time. Pretty frustrating.']
["if you were to call this a sub shop you should me banned, I cant believe I haven't reviewed Daves before. these sandwiches are works of deliciousness. its so nice to have something out of the ordinary. quality quality and care. I haven't had the pasta but ill take word for it that its good.one small note, I wish there was more outside seating, but davis has enough places to just plop down and enjoy your lunch"]
["I came here for lunch on a Saturday with my sister and her friends, Tufts students. Each of us ordered sandwiches. I went with the roasted veggies and goat cheese on french bread. \n\nThings that struck me/stood out about Dave's Fresh Pasta: \n\n1. The font of choice is Comic Sans. Gag. This is the worst font ever. It looks sloppy and unprofessional to me. It's the type of font that might be used in an elementary school classroom. (This is one of my finicky pet peeves and it doesn't have any bearing on my star rating.) \n\n2. It's actually primarily a grocery store. The food seems to be secondary. How did I come to this conclusion?\n\n3. Seating is pretty limited. There are like three tables and then some cramped counter-like seating near the window. Some people stay at their tables, immersed in conversation, ignoring the fact that there are people awkwardly hovering near their tables with food awaiting a spot to open up. \n\nWe were three of the awkward people standing guard over the tables, waiting for one to open up. There were other people also waiting for a table, so when I saw that there was a guy packing up his belongings, I immediately swooped in and out my purse on the table, claiming it. Phew! \n\nWe all agreed that our sandwiches were fantastic. My mouth is watering now just imagining it. However, I will say that almost $10 a sandwich is way too much money, even for such a great sandwich. Those are prices I would expect in the city in a prime real estate spot with full waitstaff service. Not in Medford with a cramped space that hardly lends itself to sitting down. \n\nI'm still awarding four stars because they sandwiches are reeeeally good and there's no doubt I'll be back for more, even if they are a little overpriced. The next time I'm walking to Tufts from Davis, you can bet I'll be making a stop here."]
['I was initially skeptical about Dave and his purportedly fresh pasta. Anyone who uses comic sans as a font should raise suspicions. After sampling his ravioli, fine cheeses, and pastas, I was impressed, but I decided that I would wait to write a review.\n\nThen I had the beef and boursin sandwich. Take all of my stars, Dave.']
["Sandwiches of the gods!! All hail the Italian, fig and prosciutto, mozzarella/arugula, the spicy turkey. Every dohggone wich tasted like heaven. I only ever got my sandwich with ciabatta or focaccia bread toasted so I can't speak for the rest. The cookies were delicious and they tasted fresh.  I did try their spaghetti sauce and it was just ok. But seriously forget the pasta or the sauce. Do yourself a favor a get any of the sandwich I listed above.  Throw in a white chocolateand macadamia nit cookie.  You're welcome.  ;)\n\nFinal grade: A+ on a good day, A on a bad day."]
["The sandwiches were soooooo good. There is a reason this place has such good reviews. Everything is made to order so it can take a little bit longer to get your order, but it is worth it.  While waiting you can walk around the adorable shop. They also carry zapp's brand chips (and other New Orleans fare) but I think I got the last bag of voodoo chips. Will absolutely be back!"]
['Had a wonderful experience with catering from here. Pleasant delivery person, the dishes came right on time, and they were piping hot. Perhaps most importantly, everything was delicious, especially the chicken broccoli pasta and the spicy chicken sausage lasagna.']
["BBQ after-hours events was a bust.... This was the second event I went to and it was worse than the first one.  For starters we left hungry... not great for $55 per person.  We expected to have a little more BBQ as well than what was served.  The dynamics of the event is hokey and it was over crowded (over sold I think).    I had high hopes for the second event since we had booked them at the same time.  I love Dave's Pasta don't get me wrong, everything about the store is great.  Just not the after-hour events in the wine shop. Both times we left hungry and spent money filling out bellies."]
['Please do not shop here very disgruntle towards customers employees and manger curt and awful and rude experience and expressions of arrogance towards shoppers']
["Love love love this place! Hands down the best sandwich shop in Davis square and the surrounding area. I love their options for creating your own sandwich and they have a great selection of sauces and meats. \n\nDave's may be better known for their sandwiches but the pasta that gives it its name is to die for as well. I bought some of the lemon pasta and the pepper pasta as well as their pesto. All in all the whole purchase (enough to feed 8 people) was under $10, fresh, local, and delicious. Impress your friends at your next dinner party with pasta and sauce from Dave's!"]
["Dave's is my absolute favorite sandwich spot. So many options, big portions, and always fresh ingredients. I love that they have samples too. I have never had anything bad there. I work in Cambridge and come here often, I wish there was one near my house! They are somewhat pricier than an average shop but what isnt in Davis square area?"]
["This place is solid for Italian specialties and everyone was super friendly and helpful. Based on the quality, it's well-priced too. Got everything I needed very efficiently before close on a Monday, from ravioli to cheese to a great bottle of wine (wine staff knows their stuff!).  Thanks!"]
["This was the first restaurant I tried in Davis Square and holds a special place in my heart. Their caprese sandwich (grilled) is a comfort food for me, and I love grabbing a hippie salad and one of the free peppers they offer by the register - perfect combo. Their sandwiches are all delicious, but if you get there too late they might be out of your favorite type of bread, and I think they stop taking orders around 7.\n\nI highly recommend trying their prep foods as well, next to the fresh pasta area. Their roasted beets, green beans, mujaddara (lentils/rice), potato salad, and--so I've heard--piri piri chicken is all to die for.\n\nSometimes I'll pick up produce and milk here as well, thought it's on the pricy side for groceries. Nice to know you're getting local stuff, though. Good service, too - the people are friendly even during the evening rush.\n\nWeirdly, I haven't actually gotten much of the fresh pasta because I love the sandwiches and prep food so much that I can't resist getting it when I come in. But I'm sure if I started off getting fresh pasta, it would be the other way around, because all their food is amazing!"]
["Dave's Fresh pasta, Dave's fresh sandwiches, Dave's fresh soups! Dave has a lot of fresh things and, let me tell ya, this food is fresh and fabulous!!! I absolutely love their sandwiches with a mighty passion!"]
["Awesome gem located conveniently in Davis square! I've been here a few times for their wine selection, fresh ingredients and of course their stellar sandwiches. Definitely pay Daves a visit! Next up, making a purchase of their many rotating pastas and ravioli!"]
["I hesitate to give Dave's 5 stars because I have some major complaints. However, I go there at least once a week to buy wine, bread, cheese , pasta, prosciutto, along with fancy soda and cookies. Why? Because they are right in Davis square and they have amazing selections of all of those things (yum!). I used to think they were over priced but now some of my old stand by's (ex Ball Square liquor) have upped their cheese prices (like waaaay up\n), have no comparable pasta , little bread and the the wine isn't to my taste so much. \nI know most people go for the sandwiches but I don't. They are way too big for my tastes, vertically and size wise, but people sure do love them.\nI really wish with the steady flow of customers Dave's gets that they would change the store layout, as it's really stressful to go there at busy times. The line goes out the door for sandwich orders and blocks the flow of people getting in, out, and paying. WTF? Why don't they change it? Because people keep coming back! Th groceries are insultingly  expensive and only for cases of desperation (or excessive wealth). \nI'll keep coming back again and again for the pasta, wine (super nice and helpful wine staff ! ), cheese selection, prepared food,  breads and meats . They do not disappoint."]
["Need a dinner idea? Come here! \n\nI don't know how many times I've come here to grab some homemade pasta, sauce, and a baguette (for probably around $12-13)--and looked like a hero. \n\nIt's amazing. Enough cannot be said about the food [and prices] that exist here."]
["I absolutely LOVE LOVE LOVE this place!!!! Their Sandwiches are amazingly delicious, their pasta sauce is tasty and their Raviolis are absolutely the best Raviolis you can get anywhere! Try the Roasted Chicken and Pancetta Ravioli! Just too delicious! \n\nThanks Dave's Fresh Pasta for never letting me down!"]
["The dishes I've made using Dave's pasta have been some of my all-time favorites. This should probably be a 5-star review, but I want to give myself some credit for the cooking, too"]
["This place had really long lines even during an odd hours so it must mean it's very popular! I love how they cut the pasta fresh right in front of you. I ordered ravioli ( mushroom and meat flavors.) The Bolognese sauce was really delicious. I also ordered a sandwich was really yummy."]
['Quaint shop to tease your appetite &amp; imagination. Fantastic sandwiches-- caprese on rustica &amp; prosciutto &amp; fig--unreal!!!']
['This place is sensory overloadddd and ohh so delightfully tasty! I went here with a group of friends last Saturday for lunch and it was packed inside and out. Sandwich selection is near impossible because all the choices look absolutely scrumptious. I finally decided on the Italian which was a stellar choice with mortadella, salame, capocola, spicy provolone, hot peppers and a great assortment of veggies. The bread was crunchy, flakey, fresh and rounded out the masterpiece. They also make their own brown sugar limeade which topped it all off. Others enjoyed the French sandwich, beef and blue with caramelized onions and all thought they were fantastic. Very eager to return for more sandwiches and pick up some fresh pasta.']
["I've always loved Dave's. Excellent little market. Bomb sandwiches. Best pasta (They have a black pepper pasta there that is AMAZING.)\n\nDave's has a phenomenal wine selection. I've had a chance to check out a couple of their wine tasting nights and have been delighted every time. During the tasting you get samples of 4 different wines with snacks. The Pizza Wines tasting was crazy delicious. The pizzas were on point. The best part of the tasting is that afterwards you get to shop at Dave's (after hours shopping) with a 10% discount! You can buy all the wines you tasted and all the Haribo gummies you want (BEST selection!)\n\nAlso 5-stars? The in-house cooking classes with Chef Jason. Had the chance to check out the Paella class and it was so fun! Not a super structured cooking class -- I felt like this was more like preparing a meal with friends. Everyone does their small part and we drink all the wine and eat some snacks along the way. We made a shrimp in garlicky-oil appetizer that was ridiculous. The paella was perfect and I left very full and happy.\n\nAll around Dave's is my absolute favorite. Can't wait to check out more of their classes!!"]
["Went to Dave's to get some of their fresh pasta and sauce. After trying a sample of some of the sauce they have at the pasta counter and chatting with the person behind he counter, I purchased some of their tomato basil sauce and 3 different raviolis. We haven't had time to try the cheese ravioli, but have eaten the arugula and prosciutto ravioli, the lemon parsley ravioli and the tomato basil sauce. Both my husband and I loved the arugula and prosciutto ravioli and the sauce. The lemon parsley ravioli was ok. We are planning to go back so we can pick out some of their other raviolis and sauces.  Highly recommend buying some of the raviolis and sauces.\nWe haven't tried the sandwiches yet, but plan on doing so soon."]
['om nom nom!\n\nThere is a good reason that "Dave\'s" is the first thing blurted out of my friends\' mouths, when I ask visitors where they\'d like to eat lunch. My college friends write me all the time that they miss Dave\'s sandwiches more than other meals available in the Davis area. \n\nThis is also my go to spot to pick up a carton of chicken noodle soup (frozen) whenever my boyfriend or roommate is home sick. \n\nTheir market has the best ingredients if you\'re looking to make authentic pizza (you can get 00 flour and imported canned tomatoes. Yum. \n\nThey also have a large selection of ingredients for Asian meals. Lots of sauces, sushi making materials, sushi rice, wasabi, pickled ginger, ramen noodles, etc. \n\nThree thumbs up for Dave\'s']
["These sandwiches are the best I've ever had in my entire life. Also FYI, they are big enough for two meals. My favorite is the smoky spicy turkey. \n\nIt is also fun to mosey around and look at all the grocery items while you wait for your sandwich. I've recently been stopping here on the way home for a missing ingredient for dinner or something nice (salami, cheese, fresh pasta). In general, everything is expensive (think a step above Whole Foods), but the most part good quality. The produce can be hit or miss. \n\nService is reasonably good, especially considering how packed this place usually is. I have noticed that any time slicing deli meat/salami is involved, the poor dude behind the teeny deli counter can only do one thing at a time, so a line inevitably forms. Probably not fixable but understandable."]
["I liked this place before suffering from upset stomach/food poisoning for the past few days after eating turkey sandwich from this place.\nI won't buy anything from this store anymore."]
["This place makes a seriously good sandwich (I got the grilled Chicken 2) and they have a great selection of domestic and international cheeses at prices similar to Whole Fooods. I'll be back."]
["Dave's is such a gem: their sandwiches, service, fresh pasta are all top notch. The fish (on Thurs/Fri) is also delicious, as is their deli offerings.  However, Dave's is not open on Sundays--for those of us who live in Davis, it would be huge to have access to perfect sandwiches, dinner options, wine etc. both days of the weekend, and I'm sure it'd be profitable for Dave's--please consider opening on Sundays!"]
["I miss living in Davis Square and this place is a big reason why. \n\nHuge, fresh subs that will more than fill you up, free samples to keep you busy while you wait, and a plethora of goods to browse through in the market section. They're not the standard $6 sandwiches you'd get at other places but totally worth the extra few bucks.  I'll have to stop in for some fresh pasta to take home."]
['My boyfriend and I often stop here after work to pick up a snack or simple dinner. I love the pasta, cheese, and sandwiches! They have an incredible wine selection with a range of proves, and the staff are awesome at helping you pick the perfect bottle. They also have a lot of fun treats like gourmet ice cream, cocktail supplies, and interesting spices. The ground coffee is a little expensive but very delicious. Overall this is a gem!']
['This place makes me angry... only because it took me 7 years in Boston/Cambridge before I realized they serve *much* more than just pasta. \n\nHoly sandwiches batman. \n\nThe spread of sandwiches available here is un-freakingly-believable. I\'m partial to the chicken salad sandwich with nice bites of fresh chicken and the right amount of fruit in there. I tried the artichoke &amp; arugula sandwich to switch it up and it\'s fantastic, albeit less substantial. Choose your sandwich to hunger ratio and go forth.\n\nThey\'re textbook for "don\'t just a meal by its website." Note: Please update your website. It hurts me.']
["The key to this amazing sandwich shop/deli/pasta shop/supermarket is the ingredients. They are serious about the quality of what they sell and that is why the have such a great reputation. \n\nTheir sandwiches are amazing. Try the Brazilian Hangover Cure Sandwich. You can taste how fresh the ingredients are. Because this is not primarily a sandwich shop, there isn't that much room to sit. Some tables and counters inside, a few tables outside.\n\nIf you are in the area, definitely worth trying. You will become a regular."]
["So many sandwich options! I had probably the best caprese sandwich I've ever had in my life here. It was amazing. Everything is really delicious and they have a cool little gourmet food market inside."]
["Never fails to satisfy.  Everything, but everything, in this store is high quality.  Can't go wrong."]
["They have some really tasty sandwiches. I used to think sandwiches r so boring, but they really make  some of the most delicious sandwiches!!! Every time I order something different and they have fail to amaze me with how tasty their sandwiches r! Definitely try their delicious food! You won't regret it!"]
["This is one of the really great locations in Davis Square, and the sort of operation that makes you wonder why every square doesn't have a similar offering, because once you start shopping, eating and drinking here, it is very hard to imagine life without it. \n\nBesides the namesake fresh pasta, which is terrific, they have a great sandwich counter, tons of prepared food - frozen or ready to eat, produce, groceries, lots of lovely candy and local drinks, and the wine...I work in wine, and Sam and Ian do as good a job as anyone in the Greater Boston Area; carefully selected, competitively priced, interesting wines you will struggle to find anywhere else, and they give thoughtful recommendations.\n\nUltimately, I think it is the people that make this place work - this is a friendly crew, even when it is busy, and it is hard to overvalue being made to feel welcome."]
["After driving by Dave's for two years, my schedule finally permitted me to stop in on my commute home. (M-F, they close by 7) I was hangry enough upon my entrance as to be completely and utterly dumbfounded by the vast sandwich offerings. I turned the corner into the pasta room, and became incoherent. Cheese samples, a rainbow of pesto/spread samples and a chalkboard telling me I could own a pound of fresh made, cut-to-order black pepper pasta. And own in now. Carb haters, this is not your spot. \n\nBut not eat it now (that part hurt). Thankfully, the pre-made deli salads (including a few pasta dishes made in-house...chubby cheese ravioli radiating garlicky, parmesiany goodness found it's way onto my dinner menu) are available, and there are three, two-person tables where you can sit and eat on a real plate with a real fork. \n\nAlso, despite my complete hangry/incoherent state of consumerdom--and the general business of the place--the gentleman behind the counter was super attentive, patient, knowledgeable and polite. \n\nThe beer, wine, and specialty food shop that is also a part of Dave's takes this gem to the next level. This place will most certainly become a part of my weekday routine.\n\nI will never look at Davis Square the same."]
["Every sandwich I have had here has been awesome. I love picking up some fresh mushroom ravioli and bolognese sauce for dinner. Round it out with a bottle of wine and some fresh greens, and it's the perfect one stop shop for fancy groceries."]
["This is one of the cutest places I have ever been to. I had a great customer experience here, and it just proves how great staff can make a place amazing in the eyes of someone having a bad experience. Let me explain:\n\nI came in last night with two friends to get sandwiches (which are absolutely amazing!) before a movie. We ordered around 645 (15 minutes before the kitchen closes) and waited for our sandwiches. Both of my friends, who ordered after me, got their sandwiches and I was still waiting. They were waiting for me to have my food before we ate. I figured since there was lamb in my sandwich that it would take awhile longer. Around 7:10 when I still hadn't received my sandwich I inquired, and found out that someone with a name similar to mine (Brian) took my sandwich. They apologized and said they would make it for me right now. I was getting irritated as the movie was at 7:30. Around 7:20, a woman came over and said they closed in 10 minutes, which made me angry because I was still waiting for my sandwich. She looked like I just told her my dog died, and offered to give me a dessert. Apparently, another person had taken my sandwich! This woman, who I assume was a manager, gave me the sandwich that the person who took my sandwich originally ordered, but didn't pick up. She comped my sandwich, and gave me a free dessert. She then gave me another dessert, and a free sandwich. As I was eating my sandwich she ran over and gave me two sandwiches to go! She apologized profusely, and was very sweet. At the end, I had 4 amazing sandwiches, and two amazing desserts for free! I forgot that I was even angry because I could see that the employees were actually upset that I had a bad experience. Talk about customer service! \n\nThis incident that would most likely have been miserable at any other place, but with empathy it quickly became an amazing one. This experience has made me realize just what kind of gem Dave's is. I can't wait to go back, and try another amazing sandwich! \n\nKeep doing what you're doing Dave's Fresh Pasta, you really have quality and customer service down to a T (no pun intended)."]
['Cool spot. I ordered a few things from the deli and oggled the chocolates and imported cookies and robust wine selection. Next time I will take home some of their homemade pasta.']
["I used to come here all the time when I went to Tufts 10 years ago to buy fresh pasta, sauces, ravioli, and sandwiches. I came out for a wedding this weekend and had to come back. I'm so happy to see that this wonderful place has expanded and is still a gem in Davis square. O ordered a fresh, flavor filled caprese sandwich with prociutto. Delicious! I've lived in the Bay Area for a couple years and never found a fresh pasta joint. Dave's is such a unique place. I wish I couple take it with me wherever I go."]
["Love everything about Dave's from any sandwich on the menu to stopping by to get some fresh pasta and cheese for dinner. They have great breads and oils and the staff is always super friendly and always helpful. Love the Italian meats they carry, and they also sell great wines! A Gem in the davis square neighborhood, love this store."]
['Went today for a sandwich. They have a huge menu of sandwiches. Staff was friendly and quick. I got the Reuben sandwich on dark rye. It was very good. Lots of corned beef. With finely chopped sauerkraut. I could only eat half. Gonna make corned beef hash for breakfast tomorrow. Look forward to trying the rest of the food.']
["Dave's has the absolute best deli sandwiches around Boston, and the pasta and sauces are delicious as well.  The ingredients are always fresh, you really cannot beat this place."]
['This review is for the cooking classes. My boyfriend and I went to a Tuscany style class last night taught by Jason and were blown away. He was so personable and helpful and really knew his stuff without coming off like a boring lecturer. The class was for all skill levels and even gave the option of, "if you want to just sit back and watch and drink wine, that\'s fine too." This particular class was $55 a person and totally worth it. You get to eat and make a ton of food and it\'s a great time.']
['Ordered the steak and cheese sandwich. The line to ordered wasn\'t long. You simply tell someone what you want, then either pay then or when your get the sandwich. The steak and cheese was incredible! Steak had so much flavor and the cheese was perfectly gooey. Had to wait an extra 5 or 10 minutes since I got it pressed, but it was SO worth it. Really large size too, considering I got it not he ciabatta roll. Also if you don\'t like it spicy, make sure you tell them to hold the "Hots," as I didn\'t know what they were, and was confused why my sandwich was so spicy. Get there earlier in the day (especially on the weekends) if you want to get your first choice of bread.']
["Dave's Fresh serves sandwiches fit for the gods. Truly the best sandwich counter in the area and might go as far as to say Boston."]
['So let\'s rewind back a few years to my first time at Dave\'s. Even before setting foot inside the store, I knew I would love this place as soon as I saw their signature tagline in the window: "Eat Pasta Every Day." Now here\'s a phrase I would be more than happy to adopt as my personal mantra. I mean, in a gluten-free, low-carb diet, grain-hating world, sometimes that\'s just the kind of positive encouragement I need to hear.\n\nThe store itself is just as fantastic as its motto. There is no greater comfort than picking up a pound or two of their fresh pasta, bringing it home, taking two or three minutes to boil it, and then enjoying. If you have never had the privilege of eating fresh pasta, do yourself a favor and GET IT HERE. Seriously, I love dry pasta, but it\'s miles away from its fresh counterpart. They also have an amazing array of cheeses (plus free samples), sauces, and gourmet goodies galore. I still haven\'t gotten a chance to try their deli sandwiches (I know, I know, but Davis Square is kind of a schlep for me), but the 500 other reviews here can vouch for just how good they are.\n\nBut what really brings me to write a review is the Ravioli Making class I took here a few days ago. At $55 per person it sounds kind of expensive, but considering how much you get out of it, plus looking at how much other cooking classes in the area cost, it\'s a bargain. That\'s not even bringing into account that this class was the most fun I\'ve had in a long time. The wine was flowing, bread and delicious cheeses were put out and we spent three hours handcrafting some of the best ravioli I\'ve ever had. Chef Jason was a fantastic teacher and at just about ten people, the class was the perfect size to make it feel both personable and seriously social. Understandably so, these classes fill up weeks in advance so run, don\'t walk, to reserve a spot.']
['What incredible sandwiches here.\n\nMy friend and I split the Cubano and special of the day, lamb sandwich. Their bread is fantastic and they get a beautiful toast on it. The toppings and meats are perfectly proportioned.\n\nThey even have specialty foods and a wine and craft beer section.\n\nHighly recommended.']
['Cute store, Inside/outside seating, very cramped with the amount of people traffic. Specialty items, pasta (of course), sandwiches, fresh produce, etc. \nPicked up sandwiches for lunch at the park down the street. Sadly, they were out of a lot of bread, guess you have to get there early, but the sandwich was tasty and huge!']
["One of my favorite places in Davis. I get a fresh pasta for a nice at-home-dinner with the girlfriend once per week.\n\nDFP is like a pasta shop, cafe, grocer, and wine shop under one roof. There are always interesting treats. I always try to get a new pasta/ravioli when I go. I've bought some curious-sounding pastas and raviolis over the years but every one of them has been very good, if not excellent. One of these days I'll man up and buy their chocolate pasta."]
["Delicious pasta. The prices for almost everything are really high though. I had the spinach ravioli, lasagna, and chicken cutlets. The ravioli cooks in no time. The lasagna was decent but nothing to write home about.\n\nA lot of people go here for the sandwiches, but you'd be making a mistake to not also pick up some pasta. By far your best option for Italian in Davis Square."]
['yep, went back with coworkers, paid $9.15 for an avocado BLT with soggy lettuce and hot mayonnaise. Can\'t put lettuce on the panini grill dudes. Do you test your recipes first?\n\nTried paying for my sandwich, was pointed at to look around to store seeing if there was "anything else you\'d like to buy" and come back. Think I\'ll pay now, thanks.\n\nDuring lunch crowds, workers demand to know what your order is, before you can even get near the menu board through the group of people waiting for sandwiches. Knock down a wall, and get rid of the 12 different kinds of $19 korean chili paste, they\'re just in the way.']
['Remind me to never bother ordering chicken salad anywhere else. I have found the best. I try to stay out of the dangerous pasta and sauce room, the temptation is too great! I often cave to a dessert with my sandwich though ;) thank you Daves for always providing outrageously good food and great smiling service!']
['One of the keys to a great sandwich is great bread and Dave\'s Fresh Pasta has got the art of the sandwich down inside and out. They have an extensive sandwich menu, all of which involving delicious, quality ingredients, but best of all, their sliced ciabatta seals the deal for me as my favorite sandwich spot. Sadly, they absolutely always run out of sliced ciabatta before the dinner rush even starts- I\'ve learned never to go after roughly 3 pm, because by then, their delicious sliced ciabatta will have undoubtedly run out. It makes me wonder why they don\'t just have more of it on hand. But as it stands, Dave\'s is purely a lunch spot for me for that reason, as well as the fact that I tend to eat half the sandwich for lunch and save half for dinner.\n\nMy personal favorite is the Grilled Chicken #1: Grilled chicken, handmade fresh mozzarella, tomato, red onion, romaine lettuce, smoked tomato mayo. In fact, I got it so often that some of the guys behind the counter even memorized my admittedly complicated order: "Grilled Chicken #1 on sliced ciabatta, with no onions, extra smoked tomato mayo, add avocado, panini pressed, to-go." \n\nWhile waiting for your sandwich, they always have free samples highlighting some of their cheeses and homemade sauces- my favorites being their wild mushroom cream sauce and smoked tomato cream sauce. They also introduced me to my favorite cheese, Piave Vecchio, which tastes similar to a very aged sharp parmesan with a delicious nutty flavor. \n\nThe downside (besides the limited amount of sliced ciabatta) is that the space is small and crowded and seating is limited so don\'t expect to find a seat there so be prepared to grab your sandwich and make the trek to the benches of Davis Square (or back to Tufts).']
["Dude. These sandwiches are amaze balls. Like wow. I can't remember the specific sandwiches I've had here, but they were all really tasty. There was one with blue cheese that sounded interesting. I'm not a huge fan of blue cheese, but somehow it worked really well with the rest of the ingredients. Definitely coming back to try out other items on the menu. \n\nThe random produce and merchandise they also sell is on the expensive side though. I wouldn't buy any produce here unless you have to."]
['Warning: set foot in here and you will walk out with an armload of delicious food and wine, much less money than you walked in with, and only a vague idea of how it could all have vanished so quickly.']
["Dave's is pretty great on the whole, let's just get that out of the way.\n\nIt functions as both a restaurant, a grocery, and a sandwich shop- though I think that it's wholesale business really comes from making the sandwiches.\n\nThe sandwiches are fantastic- while they are on the slightly expensive side, they are definitely worth it, so you get what you pay for. On the whole they are all less that $10, and you have lots and lots of choices. My recommendations are the chicken pesto or the steak and blue cheese (don't get this one if you don't like blue cheese). Some of the breads run out pretty quickly early in the day, so if you want to experience Dave's in it's entirety, try to get there early (the store opens at 11:00 AM).\n\nThe grocery segment is honestly fantastic. Again, some of the things here are a little bit pricey- however, the quality of the stuff here is truly fantastic. A lot of the things here are organic, and are actually quite rare. They also feature a lot of brands that you would not be able to find at many of the big grocery stores around the area. They also have lots of selections of cheeses, as well as different kinds of homemade fresh pastas (obviously) for sale. They even have wine here- while I'm not much of a wine buff, I think the selection is decent.\n\nThe only problems are they when you order sandwiches, they often give you the wrong sandwich (make sure to check). In general, they get a lot of the orders wrong. That, and their hours aren't that great."]
["My only complaint about Dave's is that it's not open every minute.  But maybe that's ultimately a good thing, because I would buy expensive groceries 24/7.  There's never a moment when I don't want a hunk of foreign cheese... a cup of homemade soup... a bowl of homemade pasta with some delicious lemony sauce.\n\nBut Dave's is more than just the goods they produce - it's also a great grocery store for when you want to splurge a bit.  From dozens and dozens of gourmet chocolate bars to great ploughman loaves of bread to other random baking items, small-batch sausages, local produce, pre-packaged salads, and weird sodas, you'll always find something new to make your mouth water.\n\nTo top it all off, there's the wine - a whole room of everything you can imagine, and wine tastings to complete the package.\n\nDave's isn't just a store - it's a destination!"]
["The Italian sandwich was delicious! Would definitely order it again. The only negative part was that the staff at the counter wasn't very friendly or helpful...it was our first time here and they sort of stared at us weird when we didn't know what we wanted to order (mind you there was no one behind us). But other than that I would still go back"]
['The sandwiches here are amazing, and they also have a good selection of candy and other products to buy.']
["This is one of my favorite places. They have the best fresh pasta and sauces to take home. It's also a great stop for delicious sandwiches and the prep foods case always has a revolving selection of goodies that are perfect for lunch or a no fuss dinner. \nThey also have a good selection of pantry specialty items and staples as well as a small fruit and veg selection. It's a great one stop shop for a lovely dinner in or for hosting a party as they do have beer and wine also."]
['I drove an hour to get one of these "amazing" wraps and I was so displeased. I got a lentil and brown rice warp and it actually tasted like mayonnaise. Then I went to question the ingredients since I never tasted tahini sauce that resembled mayonnaise. I came to find out that they use butter in the rice that was not listed in the ingredients. I explained to the women at the counter that I am vegan and I do not eat butter. She hostilely said to me that it was my fault for not relating that I am vegan and "justified" that it is okay that they use butter without saying it. She said we would charge me for another sandwich (if I wanted a different option). This is a place I would NEVER eat again since of the awful costumer services and the low-quality food. Again- making it harder for people to eat vegan. Even my family who also ordered sandwiches said the quality was low.']
['Sandwiches are delicious and a good size. Homemade sauces and dips are equally as amazing. Love this place!']
["I went to Dave's for the first time a week ago and got the Cubano as recommended by the staff. Great ingredients and sizable portions. Grab a bag of chips and one of the fancy looking sodas they have and enjoy by the windows or take it to go. Good for lunch or an early dinner after work."]
['Ever since I moved to Boston from NYC, I have been on a quest to find "fresh" pasta that is cut in front of you (not just sold in boxes) just like Raffettos in NYC. I\'ve been all over the city including the North End which is supposedly authentic Italian but was quite disappointed every time. So when my boyfriend said to me "I FOUND A RAFFETTOS LIKE STORE IN BOSTON!", I was shocked! But I didn\'t get my hopes up high. \n\nWe went on a Saturday morning and arrived 10 minutes before it opened and there was a few people already waiting. When they finally opened, it seemed like majority of the people went for their sandwich line. We got down and dirty and went to the pasta section. They have a good selection of pasta but they didn\'t have what we wanted which was tagliatelle. YES! They do cut it in front of you! Price? It\'s the cheapest we\'ve seen so far around here but it doesn\'t beat NYC price. We paid a little over $3.00 for .75lbs at Daves which is pretty good! \n\nThe store is very cute. I like how you can get wine here also. I do think there are certain things you can find cheaper though. For example, creme fraiche here was a dollar more expensive than Whole Foods and it was identical brand. Maybe next time I will check out the sandwiches since everyone raves about it. But I am happy that I found a fresh pasta place. FINALLY!\n\nTip: The norm here is to give your pasta in the brown paper bag but ask for the plastic bag so it lasts longer if you are not planning on cooking the pasta the same day!']
['There once was a guy from the Garden State\nand moving to Davis Square became his fate.\n\nOn day 1 he decided he needed some yummy food\nSo he used his awesome yelp app to not get screwed.\n\nHe chose to take a stroll down the block\nTo a food place that other users said would rock.\n\nFinally, into Dave\'s he wandered\nWhere he stood reading the menu and pondered.\n\nOh there were so many sandwich choices,\nAnd all he heard were other customers voices.\n\nIt was time him to make a decision\nIn which there would be no revision.\n\nHe decided on a grilled cubano panini\nWhich he saw behind the counter looking not teeny.\n\nWhile waiting he didn\'t want to bore\nSo he took a walk around the store.\n\nHe saw wines, beers, pastas, sauces, produce, and cheese\nAnd quickly asked, "Can I try the truffle one, please?"\n\nSoon the guy with the food called out his name,\nand then he handed his credit card to the dame.\n\nA sandwich and drink run about ten bucks\nWhich is pricing that hardly sucks.\n\nA $10 lunch can be hard to explain to his future sweetie,\nBut as mentioned before these things are huge and meaty.\n\nHe has already came here with 3 separate friends\nIn hopes that his lunching experience never ends.\n\nSince this place is open until 7:30 each night\nTrying each menu item is most definitely in sight \n\nAnd folks, let\'s not ignore that they have classes to make pasta\nBecause of this he shouted, "I will be signing up for these. I hasta"']
["Delicious spot to grab a sandwich. It's a little ways out of Davis so I like to consider it a hidden gem. I stop here frequently on my way home to pick up ingredients for dinner. I've received great advice on wines while browsing. \n\nI've only had one bad experience out a a handful and that's ok with me. One time every coworker claimed to be too busy to cut me some deli meats when on reality most were standing around talking or unpacking boxes."]
["As said many times before, the sandwiches here are delicious, the best of the best, and the staff is very nice! \n\nThat being said, it's important that you know that this place is not a sit-down restaurant. It's mainly a cramped grocery store, with seating that is inevitably full. If you're looking for a great sandwich when you're on the go, or have the time/weather to wait for one of the few tables to open up, then this is the place for you."]
["I live up the street and come here often for fresh pasta and variety of sauces, which are incredible!  I always like trying the seasonal selections (back in February they had lobster ravioli, which was fantastic!).  They give you easy instructions on how to cook the pasta at home- it's so simple and not incredibly expensive for a high quality meal.  Their sandwiches are also very good- my favorites are the artichoke and arugula and the caprese.  Really nice wine selection as well.  The wines on special for the month are very reasonably priced.  One of my favorite spots in Davis!"]
['Beer, Wine, Pasta, and an amazing Deli....\n\nThis is one of the not so hidden jewels in Davis Sq. This place has one of the best beer and wine selections in the area. They have a very smart and knowledgeable staff . The selection of beer was great, many micro and local beers to choose from.\n\nThe pasta was fresh and so varied. They had many different types of fresh/frozen pasta. I loved the mushroom raviolis, they were fantastic.\n\nNow the best part. The sandwiches, there were so many different choices and types to choose from. My go to was the Italian. Fresh bread, fresh meats and cheese. The Sicilian is also a very solid choice. \n\nI have not had a bad meal here or gone wrong when asked what I should get...']
["Location was great with Davis Square being an incredibly nice place to grab some food or go shopping. The establishment itself is quite cramped when many people are there but the selection of food and drink was incredible. Plenty of wines, beers, cheeses, and various other foods to shop for while waiting for my sandwich. When my sandwich (pesto chicken on French baguette) came I fell in love with the smell. It tasted amazing and is easily one of the greatest sandwiches I have ever had. Must stop in at Dave's if in Somerville/Medford, you won't be disappointed."]
['Great sandwiches, lines are long during lunch and on weekends, but worth it. Good choice of desserts, drinks (including beer and wine) as well as frozen raviolis for take out.\n\nWaiting to order and for food is always hectic and you may need to elbow your way to the front of the line in order to order.']
["You can get focaccia grilled! Grilled to a crunchy/chewy/hurt-your-mouth-but-worth-it perfection. If you happen to get it with the roasted lamb ($9.95, a bit high comparatively), politely suggest more feta because it's the bites with feta that make it sing (baa?). \n\nTheir other 'wiches are pretty swell as well, especially the veggie options. Most of those are more fairly priced, and splitting one with good company can be a good way to go.\n\nAlso, free samples. Pasta side of the place. Boom."]
["Paaastaaaaa! Fresh fresh pasta. They will cut it into the noodle you need. Big, small, angel hair, etc. They have it in a variety of flavors and even seasonal flavors like butter squash. I've so far gotten the spinach ravioli and spinach noodles. I get the fresh and frozen raviolis. The one that was surprisingly new and interesting was the roasted chicken ravioli. I figured, I'll never be making that or find it in stores, so get something new.\n\nThe sandwiches are large, easily split between two people. Their Italian sandwich and reuban were kind of my favorite. The prosciutto &amp; fig was an interesting mix of salty and sweet. It's like bacon and jelly. I generally call ahead and place an order especially when there are multiple sandwiches t be ordered."]
["Great sandwiches, delicious pastas, and really good sauces. I can't believe I haven't been here before and I've been in Somerville for a year and a half. The size and quality of the sandwiches are on par with the price.\n\nAlso picked up some black pepper linguine and had it with the homemade meat sauce. Both were absolutely delicious!"]
["I can't event count the amount of times I have walked, driven, crawled past this place on my excursions to and from Davis Square. Each time I did, the lights were dim and the doors were locked. Closing at 7:30pm and not being open on Sundays kept us from meeting far too long. But, alas, I finally had the opportunity to step into Dave's on a Saturday afternoon and I was not disappointed in what I found when the lights were on. \n\nThe store is much larger than I pictured from the outside, with plenty of fresh pastas, grocery cases and deli sandwiches to chose from. Starving, I packed my basket with more pasta than I could ever eat and put my name in for a Caprese Sandwich with prosciutto. *Mental note: do not enter this place when you have the hunger shakes. You will spend a ridiculous amount of money on a large Italian family dinner, before realizing you live in an apartment with one person and two dogs.*\n\nThe sandwich was just the right size for sharing and slathered in fresh pesto. And you know you are eating some delicious fresh mozzarella when you are able to say that you could have done without the prosciutto (yea, I said it). I am so glad you and I finally got to meet face-to-face Dave's Fresh Pasta, I'm sure it won't be the last."]
['Love this place. Sandwiches were great. Turkey and sundried tomato was the right combination of all ingredients. Husband had turkey and cheddar, and he had no complaints.']
['This place is AHmazing!! Delicious sandwiches, fresh pasta (had the lobster ravioli tonight..!!), speciality food items and great wines..what more could a girl want???\nOh. Free samples of cheese. And wine tastings. Yes please.']
["Dave's is pretty much a landark in Somerville at this point. I am convinced of that. Everyone seems to know where it is and if you are a Somerville resident and haven't been there yet... well... you fail. Seriously, if you haven't been there, stop reading this RIGHT NOW and head there. If it's closed for the night, I fully expect you to wait in front all night and be their first customer when they open in the morning.\n\nOn a more serious note, Dave's Fresh Pasta, or DFP (it's just easier) is a unique, specialty stores which carries all kinds of items and also serves up some food, baked goods and salads along with various other deli-style items (chicken wings, meats, pastas, etc...) to hungry patrons. The store can be perceived as four distincts shops, all combined into one. \n\nFirst off is their wine section, which is actually pretty well stocked considering it's size - the staff is also well versed on the grapes and are full of tips and good recommendations. Then there's the mini-market-like section which features fresh products, and various other products like imported jams, pickles, cheeses, juices, you name it. There's also a deli stand where they can slice up various cured meats and cheeses for your convenience.\n\nOf course there's their takeout counter where one can order up a wrap, a sandwich or a salad, each made to order by the friendly staff there in just a few minutes. Lastly there's the prepared food section where one can buy fresh, frozen pastas, sauces, chicken, etc...\n\nWhile most of their items are a bit overpriced, the quality is there. I've purchased some of their product on a whim and was impressed by the quality of the stuff they have. I've also had purchased their freshly made, frozen and prepackaged raviolis which comes in numerous flavors and once I cooked them they came out pretty awesome (despite the lack of instructions on how long to cook them for - I had to call to get an idea since some of the ingredients in the raviolis don't require the same amount of time to cook (ie: peas and prosciutto))\n\nOverall this is a terrific addition to the Davis Square neighborhood albeit an expensive one. Most of their stuff is overpriced, and features prices that are in some cases higher than what you'd find at Whole Foods for example. The service is terrific most of the time but they do get backed up during peak hours and you'll find yourself waiting for your sandwich for twenty+ minutes. I do like the place on occasion though but I do find their sandwiches to be a tad overrated."]
['First time and not disappointed, perfectly prepared Rueben and toasted rye to perfection.']
["Go. Just do it. You won't regret it. Ever. So freaking delicious!!\n\nThe sandwiches are amazing - I end up gettting the Steak and Blue every other time I go because I can never seem to resist it for long. If you make it here, I highly recommend that one! Have had a vairety of others on the menu and all are solid, but the Steak and Blue is near the top of my favorite sandwiches in the Boston area. \n\nThey also have great samples out at times of the ravioli, cheeses etc., which results in you going home happily laden with lunches for the week."]
["Amazing selection of literally everything. They have fresh pasta and sauces as well as cheeses and wines to go with your pasta. If you want some veggies, they have that too. And iggy's bread. It's just such a fun shop to browse and when you get hungry, order one of their delicious sandwiches!"]
["Just go. Shut up and go. Foodgasms\n(Don't get a toasted sandwich to go though. You'll be disappointed when you finally get to eat it. It gets soggy after about 10 min)"]
["we had a couple of sandwiches. one was $8.50 and one was $7.95.\n\nthe place has a small grocery with the essentials with their prepared foods and deli on the side. i think it's local stuff although i saw some peanuts that can also be bought at Market Basket. \n\naverage prices, good food."]
["Although I occasionally like to kill time by wandering amidst the shelves of gourmet groceries (so much honey) and fancy alcohol, my love for Dave's is almost completely sandwich-based.\n\nI'm normally a pho/dim-sum/kimchi-fried-rice kind of girl, so I'm not usually about that sandwich life. But when nothing but bread-flanked meat will do, Dave's is the first place I think of. Some of my favorites are the sun-dried tomato turkey, prosciutto and fig, and smoky-spicy turkey (dat chipotle aioli). I almost always get my sandwiches on foccacia. (Let's be real: foccacia is clearly the Lambo of breads.) Have them toss your sandwich on the grill if you want, but remember: toasted bread can cut your delicate mouth like a thousand delicious razor blades. Consider yourself forewarned.\n\nThe salads at Dave's are worth checking out too. The hippie salad is my jam. Alfalfa sprouts, sunflower seeds, creamy tahini dressing, with some tender grilled chicken on top for good measure? That's almost *too* good.\n\nPro-tip: Call in advance if you can. Always a strong move, but critical on Saturdays between 11:30 and 2:30 -- the place is a zoo. Lead time on orders during peak hours is usually ~15 minutes."]
["Nice little market with (as the name suggests) tasty fresh pasta.  We frequently pick up bread and cheese and other fixings for having impromptu picnic dinners.  They also make sandwiches, but I find these to be a bit over-the-top and over-priced (your mileage may vary, though).  My only real complaint is that it can be overwhelmingly busy and crowded, especially around the order counter -- it's a small space, but the flow of customers is really uneven across the store (some parts are completely empty), so I wish they had a better scheme for separating sandwich ordering and groceries.  But overall, a real gem in Davis Square."]
["May 21, 2013\n\nOh my, I can't believe I waited until after I moved away to finally try this place.  The sandwiches are every bit as delicious as everyone says.  We tried the Veggie Goat on pane rustico toasted and the Arugula Artichoke on sliced ciabatta -- both outrageously good.  \n\nOther than that, it's a small shop that has a lot of diverse, local and international products.  But of course, the highlights are the freshly made pastas and bread.  They also have a pretty good wine and cheese selection."]
['This is the best place in the Boston area for sandwiches, groceries, wine, everything! I dream about their sandwiches as I fall asleep at night.']
["This store screams obsession.  Filled with foods selected by an eccentric mind (it must be); Dave's has something for everyone.\n\nAnd really, you can get all this info from the website, but *drool* it's worth repeating.  Walk in, you're now a kid in a candy store (they have candy too...).\n\nPASTA\nMade fresh daily, this area of the store was part of the original. You can even take sauce making or pasta making classes with Dave himself.  I have taken the pasta class -superior- and now I make it Dave's way at home.\n\nSANDWICHES/SALADS\nThree words: Brazilian Hangover Helper.  Oh yah it's as good as it sounds and it's perfect as a leftover.  Even delicious when you're not hungover!  Loaded with Mortadella (fancy name for bologna), swiss, pickles, mustard, mayo, salt, pepper, and banana peppers.  Get this baby toasted and your good to go (great price, too).  The Italian is also a reliable choice: a perfect blend of smoky, salty, and spicy (banana peppers) meats (stacked thick), cheese (bold provolone) and dressing. Mmm, can't wait for the next one (a close competitor of the Wollaston's hemenway).\n\nPRODUCE\nLocal farms are featured here and the produce looks unbe-effin-lievable!  Eggplants of all shapes and sizes; things that look like eggplants, but are funny colors, massive and colorful squashes, a gagillion greens, and the staples: carrots, onions, potatoes... mmmm ... and you know it's worth the price and probably tastes delicious and is probably loaded with antioxidants or something awesome.\n\nFISH\nEvery Thursday/Friday, Dave's stocks up on fresh fish from Globe.  Sign up for their email list to get the latest stock info and pricing.  \n\nMEAT/Cheese\nDeli style and also farm stuff (Thursdays).  Nuff said.\n\nMISC GROCERIES\nName anything odd and you got it.  Tempura mix, ice pops, anchovies, rice wraps, wasabi, sea salt, truffle oil, seasonings, stock, dried mushrooms ...\n\nWINE/BEER\nPretty Things, Tasty Wine (and wine tastings), Shipyard, Dogfishhead ... mmm"]
['I just took the pasta making class this past weekend with a group of friends and it was such a blast! I would recommend this for sure as a date night or a fun thing for even a group to do together. Jason was such a fun teacher and this is definitely an experience we will never forget. We plan on making our own pasta at home soon now!']
["Dave's Fresh Pasta is one of my favorite shops ever.  They make fresh pasta, sauces, sandwiches, and pastries.  Additionally, Dave's carries cheese, olives, and spreads in the original half of the store.  The newer half is a mini grocery store - lots of fresh produce, bread, condiments, plus a great selection of wine and beer.  There's always some pesto and cheese samples at the pasta counter.\n\nMy two standards at Dave's are the smoked mozzarella pumpkin ravioli to take home and a pressed caprese sandwich.   The sandwich is huge and filled with tomato, mozzarella, balsamic, and pesto.  I usually get it on the pane rustico.  So good.  The pastries are also tasty.\n\nI loved smoked mozzarella and I love pumpkin, so naturally the combination is a favorite of mine.  However, I've had other ravioli flavors too (pumpkin &amp; fresh sage, sun-dried tomato), and all are just good.  You can call ahead and they will tell you what flavors they are offering that and they can put your order aside.  Plus, they have other selections in their freezer case.  This tiny shop is usually busy, so you won't always get super friendly service.  However, if you need something, definitely call them, because the service is amazing.  I called to inquire about the ravioli I wanted, and the woman who answered the phone said they did not have it, but she would see if the chef could make it over the next few days.  I was told he could make it for me sometime the following week, which was perfect.  How fabulous is that?  I am super appreciative.\n\nPlus, Dave's offers the best selection of Taza that I've ever seen outside of the Taza store."]
['What a gem. A truly wonderful little grocery. Very old world kind of place, meaning quality ingredients/produce locally sourced and well priced. This is what all neighborhoods should have.']
['The food was delicious. The market selection is very interesting.\n\nHowever, I got sick eating the pasta they sell. Not free of trace amounts of dairy.']
["I went here three times.\n\nFirst time, got the avocado BLT on baguette. Definitely a mistake, because I don't like hard bread on sandwiches, but I think I got flustered when I saw all the bread options and went with something familiar.\n\nDidn't go back for another 2 years, but then gave it another shot. I got steak and blue sandwich on brioche. Definitely more to my liking, sandwich was juicy, and the steak tasted very fresh.\n\nCame back the next day by chance, they had outside seating which was in the sun and I was cold. So I got another sandwich, this time the grilled chicken #1. Unfortunately they ran out of all breads familiar to me except the baguette, so I got the baguette again. It was tasty, very juicy, and fresh. I saved half for later. It preserved very well, even though I left it outside of the fridge for approximately 4 to 5 hours.\n\nI give it 4 stars because I don't think that the sandwiches are worth the price; they are tasty but not exceptional."]
["I heard about Dave's my freshman year at Tufts and figured I'd give it a try. I got the grilled chicken #2 and immediately decided it was one of the best sandwiches I've ever eaten. Fast forward 6 years and I've been to Dave's countless times, and I've tried quite a few of their sandwiches (all very delicious). They have a great selection of wines, cheeses, and delicious cured meats. I've somehow never tried their fresh pasta, but the sandwiches alone are enough to give them 5 stars (and the rest is just extra).\n\nTip: they only use fresh ingredients made or delivered daily so they tend to run out of things later in the day, especially on Saturday so go early"]
["They have a ton of fresh, good food - from cheese to milk to sandwiches to weird foreign drinks.  \n\nThe best gift certificate I ever received was to Dave's."]
['Awesome sandwich and drinks and treats. You can buy servings of pasta and sauces to take home and they have an assortment of drinks and wine here. I had a sandwich and a spindrift drink and both were very yummy for my very first meal in MA!']
['Best sandwiches in Davis. Line is always really long, but they are pretty efficient and it moves quickly. All the ingredients are fresh and it translates into a savory sandwich.']
["A cure-all for the cold weather blues, featuring Dave's Fresh Pasta:\n\nOn one of those wet, lashing fall/winter/spring New England days that make you feel like you'll never get warm again, find a way to get to Dave's, where it is warm, bright, and filled with delicious smells and flavors.  Pick out a bottle of red wine, a pound or so of their ravioli or some other type of fresh pasta, a container of one of their homemade sauces, and a stick of garlic bread (wrapped in foil and ready to throw into the oven).  Go home, put on some Ella Fitzgerald, cook, and eat/drink.  You will feel human again.       \n\nIn other words: this place is magical.  It's easy to overlook because it's tucked away halfway between Teele and Davis Squares, but it is worth seeking out.  The sandwiches are good and the homemade pasta is even better.  Their sauces and soups are also fantastic, and they have one of the best selections of specialty cheeses in the area (with a few usually out to be sampled; it's usually a struggle to exercise restraint when sampling the cheese).  It's a great place to go if you're cooking dinner for friends and want to pick up some special ingredients.  The friendly staff at the pasta counter will offer advice if you're not sure how much pasta to buy, cooking tips, etc.  \n\nWhat's more, Dave's also carries a selection of specialty foods, snacks, chocolate, meats, condiments (including hard-to-find stuff like truffle butter), some fresh veggies and bread, and wine. (!)  In short, one-stop-shopping for a really nice meal.  Oh, and I'm addicted to this chocolate pudding cake which they carry in the freezer.  Delicious!\n\nBe warned: there is very limited seating here.  It's not really a great place to dine in.  Better to get lunch and/or groceries to go.  But that's okay--you can take their delicious ingredients home and enjoy them there."]
['Great speciality store. Fresh pasta is great, sandwiches are great, beer and wine selection pretty good. My only complaint is that it was open longer hours and was a bit cheaper']
["Been going to daves for years, should've written this a long time ago. Best sandwiches in Boston, and not all that close.  \n\nAlso, the little grocery store is great and the wine/beer selection impressive.  \n\nYes it's on the expensive side, but that's reflected in the quality of the food.  Run, don't walk."]
['Awesome high end sandwiches.  I had the Sicilian.  Great meat and excellent toppings.  They toast the sandwich too.  \n\nI also bought some home made ravioli and vodka sauce.  It made a delicious meal that night.']
["Imagine Original Sin.  Now imagine that Original Sin carefully placed between two warm slices of Ciabatta and panini'd to perfection.  \n\nThis creation is no mere sandwich.  Oh no. This beautiful creature, crafted in His own image, tastes like desire and has an aroma of victory.\n\nThis, my friends, is the crux of my love for Dave's Fresh Pasta.\nProtip: The Prosciutto and Fig, the Caprese w/ Prosciutto, and the Chicken Pesto.  That is all."]
["Sandwich shop with great boutique food products, or boutique shop with amazing sandwiches?  Whichever way you spin it, this place is awesome! \n\nDave's location certainly is hip, sporting a wood-laden design and hand written tags that accentuate the farm stand fresh specialty foods sold there.  They carry pasta, hams, and fish sold deli style, along with foreign cheeses, craft beers, wines, and obscure products mixed in with the regular fruits and veggies.  From the behind-the-counter kitchen, the aroma of bacon emanates throughout the store and even carries for blocks down the street.  \n\nThe scent was enough to get me through the doors for the first time over a year ago for a sandwich, and it was one of the best I've ever had.  I highly recommend the chicken #2 on focaccia bread.  There is just something about how they oil and press this bread that is so delicious.  It crunches like good pizza crust and tastes even better.  And the caramelized onions, chicken and cheese all are fresh pair perfectly.  At $8, the value is more than reasonable (and dangerous): you will be full but the taste will leave you craving more.\n\nI've also tried the steak n' cheese, which is  good for the same reasons.  I can't see it possible to go wrong with any pressed sandwich.  Trust the yelp reviews:  this is one awesome shop might make  the best sandwich you will have!"]
["This place has a little bit of everything - wine,  fresh pasta,  some produce,  and a large selection of fresh made sandwiches.  It can get a bit crowded due to how the store is set up.  There's a room with a small wine selection,  a deli counter with high quality meats,  and fresh made pasta available by container,  or ordered at the counter per pound.  \n\nGreat sandwiches,  great pasta,  Davis square price."]
["The food is great. It's crowded in there and a little expensive. The staff always looks vaguely annoyed which troubles me because I also work customer service and I'm super nice even when I hate everything. But whatever; as I said, the food is great."]
["Dave's Fresh Pasta should be named Dave's bomb sandwiches is so good it's worth the drive from anywhere ....."]
['Wonderful sandwiches! Super-duper good. Plus, when you order a sandwich you have a few minutes to walk around the store and look at all the other goodies that you can enjoy.']
["Amazing! They carry these crackers and I literally dream about but can't find anywhere but here. Everyone was super nice and if you haven't gotten a sandwich here then you haven't eaten a real sandwich."]
['Aside from the fresh pasta, they also have a variety of specialty honey...lavendar honey.\n\nKnowing that, I will return for both.']
["This is an amazing gourmet store - they have a big cheese selection (with samples!), fresh pasta, frozen foods, baking goods, large selection of sauces, wine, etc. There's also a sandwich bar with a lot of options. I made my own (turkey, fig jam and caramelized onions) and it was delicious, but a little pricey ($9+). My bf got the steak and blue cheese sandwich and loved it.\n\nThe only downside was that the store gets really cramped (especially near the sandwich bar) and I didn't think the salespeople were super friendly. There's a counter inside and tables outside but there was no space when we were there (Friday afternoon), so we walked towards Davis and sat at tables near Au Bon Pain."]
['This place is all about the sandwiches. They have great paninis and so many options! My favorites were the portebello and arugula and the spicy smoky turkey. They are usually very busy around the lunch hour and you will have to wait around 20+ minutes for your food. Seating is very limited so grab a seat as soon as it is available! I have not ever had their pastas but I have had their sauces. They make a great lemon artichoke pesto. They are quick and rather consistent.']
['dope sandwiches and really nice market to get random groceries']
['Cooking classes with Jason get 5 stars. Wine, food, wine, laughs, wine, food.']
["Dave's!!!  Five stars are in order when the produce looks hand picked out of the back of an Organic farmer's minivan and they have a clam bake/shrimp boil section in the grocery store.  Other things that make Dave's the best are not limited to free sample of intoxicating truffle olive oil, fresh pasta, cheeses as far as the eye can see, cooking wines bearing the signs assuming we're just going to drink them straight anyway (because we would), and fresh sandwiches.\nIf you need to eat right away or cook and eat later you need to stop by Dave's.  I only had about a half hour in Dave's Fresh Pasta, but it's easy to see why someone like Rachel T. may have formed a strange unhealthy infatuation!"]
["Here's the deal with Dave's:  great ingredients, great bread, and great options.  If they make your order correctly it may be one of the better sandwiches you will have.  Unfortunately you only have about a 1 out of 10 chance of that actually happening.  They always screw up just about very order I have ever gotten from them.  Sometimes they do it right in front of me and when I gently raise it, they get snippy or dismissive and demand that they are right.\n\nI still go to Dave's regularly because I work nearby and go with coworkers.   Yet I always get disappointed because at least one person gets the wrong order every time.\n\nIf you do go, I recommend the steak and blue on focaccia bread.   But just beware that if you order it you very well might end up with totally different toppings or someone else's sandwich all together!\n\nThey would get 4-5 stars if they could figure out a better process for quality control or just plain accuracy."]
['My steak sandwich was ok. My friend was unhappy with her Caesar wrap. Its a hipster grocery store. Its fine not exceptional or life changing.']
["Best Lentil Soup Ever! I love their tuna as well. The lasagna was ok, not the best I've had, but the food is always fresh, everyone is really friendly!"]
["Why are you in Somerville?? Be closer please.\n\nBrags (+): When you walk in, you're immediately overwhelmed by the vast selection of high-quality, fresh products. Wine samples? Sure. Homemade pasta? Why not. And then there's the sandwich board. Those sandwiches. So many varieties. Hot and fresh made. And tasty to boot. They've got me speaking in sentence fragments. \n\nBeats (-): Too much selection? \n\nVariance (~): You might find it hard to go anywhere else. I've clearly drunk the Kool-Aid on this one."]
["Oh Dave's!  Let me count the ways I love thee!  \n\nThe sandwiches are out of this world.  I've never had a bad one. They are always fresh and delicious.  They come up with the best combinations of ingredients and their bread is excellent.  The pasta sauces and pasta!  How many ways can you same yummy?!  Their is no better fresh pasta in the area and the sauces are to die for!  Dave's also has an excellent wine selection and the staff are always helpful in making recommendations. \n\nThere is no better sandwich and pasta place!  I love you Dave's!"]
['Took the drive to Somerville for some fresh pasta and it was well worth the trip. Picked up some ravioli and frankly it was the best I have ever had. Also picked up some sauce and it was excellent as well. Very nice wine selection to go with dinner. Found the staff to be friendly snd warm.  I want to go back to try one of their sandwiches for lunch']
["A million varieties of fresh pasta, homemade spreads and sauces, homemade meatballs, amazing assortment of cheese and delicious soups and sandwiches...\n\nAnnnnd craft beers, tons of wine, and cooking classes that involve drinking wine. I think that pretty much sums it up.\n\nAlso eat their chocolate chip walnut cookie. It's glorious."]
['Great tasting pressed sandwiches. Quite overpriced for what is offered, however. Portion is on the small side as well.']
["If you have some extra cash to buy some nice savory treats, sandwiches, or pastas, definitely come to Dave's and splurge. You won't regret the delectable bites they offer on truly delicious food. \n\nAs everyone has stated, they make some delicious sandwiches, and I had a grilled chicken one that was melt-in-your-mouth good. I just loved the toasty bread, juicy tomatoes, and giant slices of fresh mozzarella. I was also able to try their fresh ravioli for the first time, and the roasted chicken flavor was awesome. I've tried fresh ravioli at local restaurants before, but Dave's packed the most flavor and best texture of them all. I was surprised they had so many varieties to choose from, and can't wait to go back and try their korean bbq short rib ravioli. Sounds exotic!\n\nMy husband's favorite part about Dave's, however, was hands down the marinara sauce. It was so fresh, so flavorful, so jam packed with chunky tomato goodness, that it surpassed finger-licking good status. He literally took a spoon and scraped the pot clean of every morsel of sauce. That was after he scraped the sauce off of my plate. I know, he can be a little savage sometimes, but food this good should certainly not be wasted!"]
['The best fresh sandwich in Davis Square. Service is awesome, food is fresh and incredible. I love this place. The seating out front is wonderful. Stop and relax. The fresh pasta looks incredible, too.']
["THE AMAZING:\n\nNothing is better than tummy-hugging ravioli on a freezing day.\n\nThey have 2 specialty ravioli a that are absolutely bomb. The duck/porcini/blue cheese and the Korean duck.\n\nOf the regulars the artichoke/fontina and carmelized leek are outta control.\n\nSauces? Smoked tomato cream and the nutmeg cream oh oh and the lemon cream.\n\nNow THE KINDA BADS:\n\nThe fresh pasta is easy to overcook. Don't cook it for more than a minute and a half.\n\nThe sandwiches are mediocre in my opinion. Especially considering the price.\n\nThe condiments and spices are also somewhat overpriced.\n\nWhatever the ravioli makes up for any shortcomings."]
["This place is one of the best things about living in the Davis area. Great selection of wines, local beers, and of course, their pasta and deli are top notch. This review is probably unnecessary because the place is always busy and doing well, but I just want to highlight that if you haven't yet, it's worth a visit. Staff are always very friendly and knowledgable."]
["Dave's is what I imagine an Italian aunt's pantry would look like. There is everything you need, and everything that is good and fresh. Seriously, so amazing. You can get fresh pasta by customized thickness and weight?! Sign me up, that's a romantic dinner you can easily buy (and I have witnessed many folk asking the counter folk if that would be enough for a dinner for two; don't be embarrassed to ask). \n\nThere are a ton of great sauces you can pair the pastas with. Just a slight warning about the egg pastas, maybe I don't have a refined tongue, but I can't taste the subtle ingredients they add sometimes (which is sad). Example being the scallion pasta, the scallion is not distinct. I figured this would matter with the pasta pairing you decide on.\n\nThe sandwiches are worth trying if you're a sandwich fan (I prefer them way over Diesel's sandwiches (yes, I've even tried their new sandwiches). Smokey turkey is a classic. There is the perfect amount of meat, sauce, and satisfying crunch for texture. Of soups, I think the split pea &amp; ham is particularly spectacular.\n\nSomethings are pricier than others, but that is what you get for convenience. I wouldn't wander into your aunt's pantry for produce, you know? I mean, first of all, that's weird, but second - that's not the purpose of Dave's. I'd go to an actual grocery store for that.\n\nEat well, and live well. Cheers, Dave's!"]
["What! I havent written a review for this place? Best sandwiches I've ever had. Really cute little shop with all sorts of local fare. I love Dave's Fresh Pasta!"]
["My mouth is watering as I write this review.\n\nI lived in Somerville for 2 years, and though this makes me far from an expert on the local cuisine, I am an expert on Dave's steak and blue sandwich.  It's bangin. I wish I could add a point on for the fact that they have a sauce sampling station that you can nom on as you wait for your sandwich.  Great alcohol selection for purchase, super fresh food, doesn't get much better."]
["This place is amazing. \n\nThe deli sandwiches are great. They are the size of your head, so you are guaranteed leftovers. \n\nI wish their deli selection was bigger but all of the cold cuts I've tried have been good. \n\nI usually grab produce here when needed during the week and it's always fresh. \n\nI just wish their prices weren't so high. Sometimes I can't resist though!"]
['I wanted to hate this placed with their $6 heads of romaine lettuce and their $10 jars of pickles, but their sandwiches won me over!\n\nI had the lamb pita wrap, and it was amazing. Lamb was cold (supposed to be), which was different, but delicious. Also had a perfect amount of tsatsiki sauce and veggies. Not a thing I would have done differently. Well, ok, I would have thrown some olives on there, but hey, I can;t complain.\n\nWife had a chicken wrap, with many of the same ingredients (but she had olives!) Delish!\n\nWe will be back. Not for the grocery, but for the wraps!']
["As a tourist I first got the impression that this place was a restaurant.  Future tourist visitors, IT IS ONLY A STORE. However, I was visiting in an RV with a kitchen, so I still had an opportunity to try this place.  I'm so glad I didn't pass up this place when I found out they didn't cook for me. They do have sandwiches available which you can eat there, however, I was there for the main attraction, Fresh pasta. \n\nI had a hard time trying to choose what sauce I wanted to go with my pasta. Choosing the pasta was relatively easy because they only make a couple of fresh flavors a day, and the others are frozen from previous days.  I felt that defeated the purpose of fresh pasta, so I looked on their daily menu, and for the ravioli I was given three choices.  Once I picked which one, they made the pasta right in front of me, powdered it, and put it in a box.  The sauce on the other hand is all made earlier and nicely packaged so you can just grab and go.  They do have a few samples sitting out to try, but definitely not their whole array of choices. \n\nI choose the goat cheese ravioli with the sun dried tomato pesto sauce.  My only complaint, I should have got more ravioli for the trip home. Now I just need to find fresh pasta out where I live.\n\nParking is really difficult since there is only street parking, and its almost impossible to turn around to get to the other side of the street since all the streets were one ways going the same way. Plus the streets in front of the houses were special permit parking only.\n\nBOTTOM LINE: A small store that makes fresh delicious pasta on request, and amazing sauces to go with your pasta. Parking is difficult and not all flavors of pasta are available to you fresh daily. This place is a must go. And go again."]
["Not sure what more can possibly be said about Dave's. I dread the return of the Tuftians as it means an already chaotic lunch will become that much more difficult. Always call ahead and you'll be able to walk right in and grab it.\n\nTaking off one star for the sad fact that recently I've had to switch my go to bread (focaccia is now sliced ciabatta) because it really seemed like every other time I would get a sandwich the bread was stale. Not just a little more baked, but downright stale. Since the change I haven't looked back and everything is great again."]
['there is more! there is always more!\n\ni have a french co-worker from lyon, who happened upon dave\'s fresh pasta in recent days. she\'s newly in the states. she checked out the american-made saucisson and had a hearty two thumbs up for that ("it\'s not imported, but it\'s fabulous!") she also two thumbs up all the french wines and finds them all very reasonably priced for being in the states. she loves fresh fish, so i just told her about the thursday/friday fish deliveries and how the mailing list goes into more detail about that. yay! \n\nshe also loves the cheese. :)']
['Buttersquash ravioli was ok.\nLobster ravioli and sundried tomato ravioli were good.\nTomato basil sauce was watered-down.\nMushroom cream sauce was good.']
["Taaaasty!\n\nTheir pasta is fresh and delicious (though it's take away only, you can't get pasta there to eat immediately) and their sauces are divine, though admittedly expensive.\n\nThey have a cute market with some basic food stuffs, a lot of organic local etc type stuff, as well as some nice harder to find things.  Their alcohol selection is also pretty solid, as well as their wine tastings.\n\nNow, onto more important matters.  The sandwiches.  Ooh boy.  These guys are the best example I can give for why having good ingredients is crucial when making food.  Take, for example, their chicken pesto sandwich.  It's pretty much your typical chicken pesto, but the chicken is perfectly cooked, their not cheap with how much pesto they put on but they're also not trying to hide anything but making it the domineering flavor, and oh man, their bread.  Their bread is perfectly chewy so when you bite in  you get a great mouthful of delicious.\n\nMy go-to sandwich is their avocado BLT.  It seems like a bit of a cop-out getting a BLT at a great sandwich place like this, but honestly it's real good.  Crispy thick cut bacon, generous portions of creamy avocado, crisp lettuce and juicy tomato, and again, the incredible bread (I recommend it on rustic, if they still have it)\n\nBefore the BLT though, I'd go for their make your own with proscuitto, fig jam, and goat cheese. Yum.\n\nEDIT: Watch out though, I think they stop serving sandwiches at 7pm!"]
['Came here for lunch. First time.\n\nI had to pause during my order and study the menu on blackboard - they had so many sandwich options! Naturally, I just went with the one that caught my eye first.\n\nSicilian sandwich was a beautiful construction. It looked great, and tasted great; Biggest bang for your bucks. Huge sandwich with thick salami, mozzarella cheese, tomatoes, and pesto. I had it non-grilled. But I wouldn\'t seek it out everyday for my heart. I could maybe try the veggie option some time instead. \n\nI grabbed a bottled soda "vignette," which is a non-alcoholic drink but tastes like wine. It was a reasonable compromise to satisfy my craving and allow for performance later back in office...lol.\n\nNice staff, lots of good-looking drinks to explore, nice "local marketplace" ambience. But the seating area is limited, and during the lunch time I saw lots of people walk out because all tables were full. They have some outdoor tables which I was hoping to eat on, and small shaky tables inside which I ended up eating on.\n\nThe place also has groceries, interesting indie looking spices, and sitting area near the window.']
['Oh my GOD. Dave\'s Fresh? Say no more. I am a meager mortal, an unworthy supplicant who can no more refuse the all-powerful temptations of this place than drawing my every breath of air.\n\nI am not a sandwich girl. I don\'t really eat them. If sandwiches are on a menu, my eyes skim them over and go to some pure protein, or some salad. I usually find them too bready, and unless the quality of bread is spectacular, every sandwich I eat is a "meh."\n\nBut guys. Guys, guys, guys. Dave\'s Fresh has just...oh God, they\'ve blown everything I\'ve ever thought about sandwiches out of the water. I\'ve made it my personal mission to sample every single sandwich they have on their menu. My boyfriend says I can\'t do it. But hey, I\'ve had my first Dave\'s Fresh, like what, two weeks ago?? And I\'ve already tried 3. I don\'t care what he says, that is my foremost goal before I graduate from college(and being at Tufts, this is a much easier goal to accomplish). \n\nI\'ve sampled the Vermont Goat Sandwich (roasted peppers, eggplant, onion, goat cheese, extra virgin olive oil) on sliced ciabatta, and it was probably the most explosively orgasmic sandwich I\'ve ever eaten (that\'s saying a lot for a veggie sandwich). I swear my eyes rolled to the back of my head and I just wanted that bite to go on forever. The bread had the perfect amount of crunch and the perfect amount of chew, the veggies were bursting with flavor, and you could just TELL the quality of the olive oil they were using.\n\nI also had the French Ham (split it with my boyfriend) on focaccia and that was also delicious. He was of the opinion that it was bit too dijon-y (ham, brie cheese, dijon mustard, and green apple slices) and I agreed. I\'m more of a honey-mustard gal myself.\n\nThe other day I had the artichoke and arugula sandwich on the pane rustico (accent on the RUST, trust me, I googled it so I wouldn\'t look a fool. The sandwich is artichoke and lemon pesto, arugula, mozzarella cheese and portobello mushroom) and was also great. I\'m not sure I enjoy the flavor of arugula itself, it migiht be a little too earthy and bitter for me, but it was still delicious.\n\nYou\'d be hard-pressed to find a time when this place is NOT crowded, especially during lunch hours, but it is so, so, so, worth it. Also, these sandwiches are not cheap (about 8-10 dollar sandwiches) but they are sizeable and can last you 2 meals (who am I kidding, I\'d eat it all in one go, but everyone says that so I guess that\'s more kosher for me to say).\n\nCan I just subsist on a diet of Dave\'s Fresh for the rest of my life?']
["Beautiful ravioli, a wonderful selection of cheese, and deliciously crafted sandwiches. It's no wonder this place has so many good reviews because there's something for everyone here! I'd definitely recommend for both sandwiches and pasta if you're aiming to impress anyone. Staff is also friendly and helpful if you're clueless about the menu."]
['Fresh pasta and ravioli with new flavors made daily. High quality produce. Large sandwich selection. Reasonable prices.']
["Dave's is located between the T stop and my house, which is dangerous for my wallet by lovely for my taste buds.\n\nYou really can't go wrong here! Their grilled paninis with fresh veggies, homemade pastas &amp; raviolis (you cook them yourself at home, they're not pre-prepared), and specialized groceries ranging from local cheeses to Taza chocolate to wine to Cafe du Monde beignet mix are all rare finds. \n\nA few of my favorite things: Goat cheese &amp; root veggie ravioli (seasonal), build-your-own panini (I do chicken, goat cheese, roasted red peppers, arugula, basil pesto grilled on ciabatta bread), their selection of cheeses with free samples\n\nThe downside: The sandwiches are a bit pricey (around $10, although I consistently make two meals out of them) and there is very little seating. Go when the weather is nice and sit in one of the public areas of Davis!\n\nOverall, Dave's can't be beat."]
["Dave's has a special place in my heart as it was my first meal as an official Somervillian. I am not a pasta-eater by any stretch of the imagination, but their fresh ravioli are superb. Not to mention all of the yummy sauces that they provide to go with their pasta.\n\nI know that everybody raves about their sandwiches, but did you know that they also have soup in their freezer?! Seriously, do that.\n\nAlso, I completely blame Dave's for my borderline problematic relationship with wine this past winter: their selection is wonderful and they're right around the corner. If that's not a winning combination to feed my wine-drunk nights in, I don't know what is."]
['This is a wonderful  little pasta shop. With all the " nut and granola " shops in Somerville it is fabulous to have this carbo loading delight just one town over from my home. I love to endure here in a thick noodle pasta such as a fettuccine and lasagna. Cheesy cheese is another perk to this place and also wonderful smoked meat sandwiches. \n\nYou should go and take the entire family. It is surprisingly affordable for your pocket book!']
["I'm not sure of other fresh pasta places in the city, but Dave's has always been reliably delicious. They offer a different selection of fresh pastas and ravioli daily, but the quality is always superb. They also offer you your choice of pasta size (i.e. fettucine or linguine) with the fresh pasta. Dave's also has a decent selection of fresh sauces to pair the pasta with as well as recommendations depending on what else you are serving.\n\nTheir wine selection is also great. It' s a little pricey, but that doesn't seem to be driving away customers.\n\nMake sure to try a sandwich too. Honestly, one of the best Italian sammys i've had in a long time."]
["This is the best sammy shop I've experienced outside of NY. Just delicious. \n\nAlso, my fellow olive lovers will enjoy the wide selection here (a bit pricey, but just like the sammys: delicious!)."]
["I've been a big fan of Daves Fresh Pasta for the past 5 years. I always purchased the alfredo and vodka sauce along with their fresh pasta. All have been delicious except for my recent purchase. For some reason, both the sauces where bland, not creamy at all, and very much disgusting! I'm sad this happened and I'm planning to call and see what happened (if they changed cooks, recipes, etc). This was so disappointing since I always look forward to a special dinner."]
["Fantastic. Great sandwiches, cured meats, awesome homemade pastas that you can take home and make yourself, and sauces. This place offers cooking and wine classes, too. Wish I lived closer to this place, I'd make pasta for dinner every night!"]
["DFP is the result of hipsters taking over Nonna's Italian Kitchen. It is insanely fabulous.  Their #1 Italian combo is the best I've ever had.  \n\nThe fact, however, that they close at 7:30 on weeknights and don't open on Sunday is a perverted, cruel joke."]
["This place is really something special. Every single sandwich I've every had from DFP is just mind-glowingly good. \n\nWide selection of interesting and local products. Staff is friendly and helpful despite how busy they are. \n\nI always feel good about giving them my business. A+"]
["Fantastic! The sandwiches, the sauces, the cheeses, the pastas, the salads... Everything is delicious here (which would probably explain why there's almost always a line). Despite their high traffic, Dave's employees do a phenomenal job keeping the line moving - I have personally never waited longer than 5-6 mins for a sandwich. You can even call in an order if you're really determined to not wait, and they'll have it ready for pick-up within 10 mins.\n\nIn addition, the free cheese and sauce samples serve as a great distraction :p   The spinach, arugula, and walnut pesto, as well as the chicken liver pate were particularly memorable. I almost forgot about their amazing black olive tapenade... I'm clearly fond of this place.\n\nAs for the sandwiches, I would recommend the Brazilian Hangover Helper if you like mortadella and ample red onion (hot peppers add a little kick). The Steak and Blue, Cubano, and French Ham are my other favorites. \n\nThis place also has great options for vegetarians and does an exceptional job catering (I recently attended a kickass research symposium that was catered by Dave's. The event had about 50 attendees, and there seemed to be just the right amount of food). My one critique would be the shortage of space within the shop, and therefore would recommend not eating in if you have more than a person or 2 with you. However, when the weather is nice, they have some very pleasant seating outside."]
["Ended up not getting any fresh pasta or pasta sauces. Don't cry, Dave, I'll definitely be back.\n\nAvocado. BLT. I was a little skeptical at first because I've had a thousand avocado BLT's and they were all pretty good. This is AMAZING. I don't know how they do it. Perfect ciabatta bread with the perfect amount of butter and mayo. The best part? The thing is stuffed with perfectly cooked bacon. This is compared to the 90% avocado BLTs in the world that spare you  one soggy strip of bacon and call it a day.\n\n$9 dollars for a sandwich is pretty pricey, but the whole thing was sufficient for 2 meals so it's worth it."]
['I am thrilled and in love with my new neighborhood grocery store! I bought a bottle of champagne for my boyfriends birthday last month and the guy in the wine section spent 20 minutes describing the difference of the bottles they carried. So helpful and nice! Buying fresh pasta here is one of the more romantic experiences in the universe. Fabulous cheese selection. Lovely little produce department. Expensive, but no more than Whole Foods - and everything is hand selected for the store. \n\nHaven\'t had a sandwich there yet, but I"m told it will end my life from it\'s deliciousness.']
['Get here as soon as you can! The best deli and pasta around.  My husband and I got two sandwiches for ourselves and then some fresh pasta for later.  So many different flavors, styles, types! We even froze two of the bags and even with defrosting, they still turned out great.  Definitely recommend this place.']
["Dave's sandwiches are superb. As an added bonus, you get to browse all the delicious looking produce, breads, olives, cheeses and other assorted goods while you wait for your sandwich. Personally, i love the Steak and Blue.\n\nIt's not open on Sundays which is a bummer. It' s definitely a little on the pricey side as far as sandwiches go, but at Dave's, you get what you pay for!"]
["Staff is hit or miss, I've had great experiences and other times rude experiences.....food is expensive but WELL worth it. very fresh local produce. great sauces and dips, delicious selection of cheeses. They also sell beer and wine. Goods selection of Craft beers!"]
['I\'ve recently moved around the corner from Dave\'s and I thoroughly enjoy stopping in on my walk home from the T to grab veggies, pasta, some interesting side dish, a bottle of wine (they regularly host tastings)... or a pint of gelato! \n\nThe only "flaw" is that Dave\'s is pretty crowded, not only with people but with displays. Its a bit of a dance to get around the store, even if there are only 1-2 others shopping-- and if its the post-work rush, or weekend lunchtime... There is very limited seating outside under their awning, but if its a nice day simply walk over to the park and sit down on the grass with your lunch. \n\nI regularly stop at Dave\'s and grab, well... fresh pasta for a side dish. They have a rotating selection of fresh pasta (rolled and cut into your prefered size) daily, and certain "always available" kinds. (eg. Egg-- which is more your traditional). All are reasonably priced... I grab a 1/2 pound for 2-3 (large) side\'s of pasta and its like 2 bucks! \n\nTheir sandwich menu is amazing... come on a Saturday, wait for your sandwich and you wont be dissapointed. I regularly get the cuban....yum. \n\nThey have a number of interesting drinks (Rhubarb soda!), foods, veggies, cheeses, sauces... basically anything you\'d expect from a gourmet deli. If you are familiar with Fromaggio it is very similar, but Dave\'s has a bit more variety. \n\nCertainly not "hidden" as its right there on Holland St... but if you never ventue outside of Davis square, you\'d have no idea this place was here.']
["Since I work just down the street, it's pretty hard to not to walk into Dave's to pick up lunch or ingredients for a fantastic dinner.\n\nGrocery items are locally sourced and high quality, and the wine shop is simply incredible.  Take a moment to chat with the sommelier, and he will recommend wine that is both reasonable and delicious.\n\nThe fresh sandwiches, soups, and salads are amazing too.  If you plan to head for lunch, try to arrive just before noon to beat the rush or call ahead to place your order and pick up.  If you are short on time, opt to not have your sandwich grilled (if you can bear it)."]
['Lived in the area for 4 years, first time trying it was after I moved away - what a stupid move on my part!\n\nCalifornia Turkey Wrap:\nThe sandwhich has super fresh greens and veggies and an amazing dressing that left my mouth water.\n\nBecause it was stuffed with greens and used a pita wrap - it felt very satisfyingly healthy (even for such a large handful).\n\nI also enjoy the people behind the counter; very genuine, earthy, and peppy.\n\nWill def be back frequently!']
["Super love it! We went here for the sandwiches, and I had a bite of the arugula and goat cheese one on brioche. We probably wouldn't get the brioche again b/c it was too sweet for that type of sandwich. I had the spinach lasagna which was HUGE so I took the rest home. We also bought ravioli for dinner which was very tasty and some of their mushroom sauce.\n\nThey have limited seating, but it's a very very charming place. I wish I lived in Davis!!!"]
["It's all been said already, but 5 stars is 5 stars.\n\nSomeday I'll have to eat box pasta again, and that will be a sad day.  Not a single thing in the place that isn't awesome.  Bravo good Dave, bravo."]
["I think this is a little overhyped.  It's a nice specialty food store.. but it's definitely not the best sandwich of your life.  The sandwiches can be good... but some are not.  The Cuban is pretty good.. but I think I have had a better sandwich elsewhere.  Not to mention.. it's not as expensive.  I think it's about $10 per sandwich.  Huge indeed.. but still.. not the best I have EVER had.  I am going to have to say the best in MA I have ever had was in Andover.  A bit far.. but also cheaper.\n\nI wish they served more than sandwiches on site.. you have to take the pasta home.. which dissapointed me.  Nice grocery selection and wine selection.. all pricier but again, very convenient to Davis Square.\n\nIt's hard to find a table here.. so plan to sit outside or perhaps take away.  They are also pretty strict with their cut off of when they make their last sandwich.  I saw them turn away some people... when you're overcharging for a sandwich.. really?"]
["It was fun going there and buying fresh pasta to cook at home. If I lived closer, I'd definitely return more often to peruse the small shop full of Italian goods. This place does get insanely crowded, so don't rely on finding a table where to eat at! It's best to take the food to go."]
["I think that the sandwiches are really the star at Dave's. I'm really picky when it comes to sandwiches, and Dave's has never let me down. Yes, the line is always long, and the staff is not always the friendliest and sometimes quite slow, but it's all worth it. So far my favorites are the Chicken Caesar (their caesar dressing is addicting), French Ham, and Avocado BLT. \n\nBeware that the sandwiches are HUGE, and they also tend to give you a different type of bread than you asked for (like pane rustico instead of ciabatta).   \n\nShopping here can get pretty expensive, but you get what you pay for: local produce, great meats and cheeses, and some high quality dry goods. Their selection is generally not quite as good as Formaggio's, but it's still a great thing to have in the neighborhood. The wine and beer section is also a plus."]
["Dave's Fresh Pasta is everything I love about Somerville.  Allow me to further elaborate.  Dave's Fresh Pasta, is everything, I love....about the concept of keeping it local, keeping it real, and giving the best to an audience enraptured.\n\nThis is everything to me, our version of Zabar's or Balducci's, a place to supply yourself with the best the world, or minimally The Ville,  has to offer to cook with or enough gourmet sandwiches, pastas, sauces, cheeses, and wines to make a feast in seconds.  \n\nI also love a place with passion and zeal.  Everyone who works at Dave's, from those cutting your pasta, to the metalheads who blast Dio's Holy Diver album while slicing Guanciale for you, you can tell everyone LOVES to work here.  I'm thrilled that this place expanded to wines, (and good wines at that, not to mention, they're likely you lure into buying some exceptional food to go with that wine, and educate daily on new vintages), and Spoke Wine Bar?  AWESOME!\n\nGO DAVE'S!!!"]
["This place could be split into four stand alone shops and still get five stars for each one from me. Let me explain:\n\n1. Beer / wine: Great selection, fair prices (at least for the area), and most importantly, tallboys of PBR. 5 stars.\n2. Sandwiches: If you don't buy one, you are dumb. 9 stars.\n3. Specialty food store: Excellent selection of cheeses and prepared foods, and there is a deli. 5 stars.\n4. Pasta, duh: Averaging around $4/lb, the price is fair and it tastes great! 5 stars.\n\nSo, by my math, this averages out to be 6 stars, but I will subtract one since they are closed on Sundays :("]
["Phenomenal!  I can't say enough about Dave's!  The food is amazing, the staff is helpful and it's just adorable.  The fresh pasta is amazing and there are so many varieties (see the menu on their website, it's impressive).  I recently brought home the fresh squid ink pasta which was so light and flavorful, I will definitely be getting it again for dinners with friends.  For those of you getting one of their amazing sandwiches there is a charming outside seating area.  In addition to pasta and sandwiches, Dave's also has a wine and beer section that has some great bottles.  There are a lot of great spots in Somerville, especially Davis Square; Dave's Fresh Pasta is one of the best!"]
["This will be the easiest review I have ever written.\n\nThe sandwiches are out of this world amazing.  All of them.  I have had pretty much every one and they are all bomb.  In regard to this, my one piece of advice would be to branch out and trust in the creations they have made.  I know it's easy to get addicted to one sandwich but I promise you will not be disappointed by any of them, and they have really perfected the art.  Also, try a lunch special once in a while.  These are hidden gems.  Take, for example, a massive piece of INSANE lasagna for like, $4.  HHwwwhhaaaaa????!!\n\nTheir fresh pasta is delicious.  Fresh pasta is really not that much pricier than dried pasta and makes a great (but still lazy) dinner. \n\nTheir frozen and ready made stuff is really great.  I rarely get it because I often find no need but when I have gotten it (tray of lasagna for instance) it was spectacular. \n\nOver the years I have watched the store evolve and expand.  They offer the things that people want.  Everything is of the highest quality and generally at an appropriate price.  \n\nTheir beer and wine selection is phenomenal.  Felicia, their beer/wine person is really knowledgable and super nice.  There are always tastings too.\n\nI really feel like this is one of those places that can do no wrong.  Everything they do is the way things should be done.  Quality.  Diversity.  Value.  Commitment to small farmers, artisanal and local companies, and most importantly a passion for really bringing cool things to and doing cool things for the customers and greater community.\n\nDFP was, no shit, one of the reasons I stayed in Somerville.  How can life be bad when this place exists?\n\nTheir catering service is also really great.  I work down the street and they are always on time, platters are always beautifully arranged, and sometimes even Dave himself will drop stuff off.  \n\nCan't say enough about Daves.  Really though, I want to reiterate, there is not a single thing in the store that isn't delicious.  Every single thing is like the pinnacle of perfection.  Thanks so much guys."]
["I came here in the middle of the summer and I still remember just how great this place was.  I'm thinking to myself now that I really need to make a point of coming back here again soon!\n\nThere's so much going on in this grocery store that one visit is not enough.  I went there with my boyfriend and we both ordered sandwiches.  He got the Caprese (mozzarella, tomato, pesto, basil), and I got the Roasted Veggie Goat (eggplant, peppers, goat cheese).  The Caprese sandwich was perfectly done and the bread was amazing!  I went through a phase in my life a couple years ago where I would make a Caprese sandwich almost everyday because it was so good and easy to make, but then after awhile, I grew tired of eating it so I tended to avoid the mozzarella, basil, pesto combination at restaurants, hence, why I ordered the Roasted Veggie Goat sandwich.\n\nOnce I took a bite out of the Caprese, boy, was I wishing that I ordered that instead!  The Roasted Veggie Goat sandwich was good, but not as great as the Caprese, so if you had to choose between the two, I would highly recommend the Caprese.  They also offer another vegetarian sandwich, the Archoke &amp; Arugula sandwich, but I have not tried that yet.  Next time I'm there, I may order it, but I wouldn't be surprised if I'm tempted by the Caprese."]
["Ever since I moved to Boston I've been in love with Dave's! It's the cutest little Italian wonderland that puts some places in the North End to shame. The most delicious sandwiches and knick knacks aplenty! I typically order my food and then get lost in the mountains of trinkets, cheeses, and homemade sauces, from basil butter to funky sounding pasta, it's all fresh and uniquely outstanding. I always get the chicken pesto sandwich when I come by and it makes me want to cream my pants. For real. Food porn can not get better than this. Dave, no one can love me like you can. You woo me and woo me and never let me down. I've never known a love affair as good as it is with you."]
["I'm in food love! Can't wait to come back for cooking or regional wine tasting classes!!! Super yummy lunch!!!! Nice crew too."]
["ARTICHOKE AND ARUGULA. \n\nSeriously, why would you get anything else? When I lived near Dave's I got this sandwich once a week on the regular. It's basically the only thing I really miss about Boston."]
["I will go broke living by this place! I've been in twice for lunch (the Sicilian sandwich on grilled focaccia bread is AMAZING) and I've wanted to buy everything in the store! Homemade pastas like goat cheese &amp; roasted red pepper gnocchi, sauces like mint pesto and wild mushroom cream make me want to cook!!! Luckily, they offer cooking classes as well!"]
["If this place was named Dave's Fresh Pasta and Sandwich Counter for Hipsters, it would just be as accurate. I stopped by on a nice weekend afternoon and the place was swamped with plaid shirts, skinny jeans, way fairer shaped sunglasses of all colors of the rainbow, skateboards, ripped jeans, and messy hair.\n\nAs for the sandwich, it was made with pretty good quality ingredients, but was also more expensive than most sandwiches at a counter. I would gladly visit again and take out of town guests there, but wish it wouldn't be so crowded with loiterers."]
["Absolutely amazing - the sandwiches are always delicious, and the pasta/sauces/food selection is unparalleled here. \n\nOn my first visit, I went for the classic fettuccine (egg noodle) with the alfredo sauce, but had a hard time selecting from the dozens of options, not to mention the always-changing daily specials. I've come in many other times for random groceries and/or cheeses, and am always impressed by the foods I discover when browsing around... think pumpkin-sage ravioli, lemon-pepper flavored pasta, arugula-almond pesto sauce.. its so hard to walk in here without wanting to plan out delicious Italian meals for the rest of the week!\n\nAll in all, this is a great place to go if you live in the Davis Square area (or even if you don't!) and are looking for a happy medium between going out and preparing a homemade meal - pick up some pasta, sauce, cheese, etc. from Dave's, and the rest is easy (and results will be delicious!). I have lost track of the number of times I have visited! \n\nI also absolutely love crafting a lunch here - I'll order a sandwich and then grab a bag of chips, a unique flavor of soda, and fresh-baked dessert, and take it to a nearby park or table for the ultimate picnic lunch."]
['Got some butternut squash ravioli yesterday, they were amazing! The staff was very friendly too! Will defiantly be back']
["Dave's Fresh Pasta, I think I might love you. But I'll have to go on a couple more dates to make sure...\n\nTiny but crammed full of awesome stuff, from prosciutto to Pat O'Brien's Hurricane mix to chocolates and cheese galore. I had your caprese panini with prosciutto on focaccia (although you ran out of basil pesto to my dismay) which was perfectly grilled and utterly delicious. And really large! For $9, totally worth it. The lunchtime line is long but the wait wasn't too bad and my friend and I managed to snag a table by the window. Her turkey/spinach/smoked mozz sandwich was also pretty stellar.\n\nAfterwards, I couldn't resist the prosciutto calling out to me from the deli counter and she couldn't resist the raviolis. It's true that service isn't always friendly and prices can be steep but the quality is there. I can't wait to try the pastas!"]
["This is a belated review and probably unnecessary because I don't know who would say that they didn't like this place-- but here it goes: \n\nDave's is awesome. Delicious sandwiches (special shout out to the Brazilian Hangover Helper), accepts credit cards (bonus), fresh ingredients... I could go on. Also a great place to get -- you guessed it -- pasta products and yummy pasta sauces (so you can look like a top chef to your friends). I haven't really been there for other groceries or for beer/wine but I'm sure thats great too. YUM.\n\n I admit its a teeny bit pricey for sandwiches, and closed on Sunday (boo) but I don't think that warrants losing any stars!"]
["Was just going to leave it at the five star review.  After all, it truly is.  But figured that would just get flagged as a 'bot.\n\nAs near to perfect as a sandwich shop and catering spot can get.\n\nDave's is just *so* much more than that.\n\nThis place is the the perfect post-work place to go for a quick and easy shop that'll still give you an absolutely fabulous gourmet dinner party, with loads of short cuts and heat-only, fresh-prep items, down to the wine or beer.  Prices are worth each and every penny.  The pasta is fabulous...  \n\nOne thing I will note, though: if you're looking for a single meal rather than pantry items, go in with a notion of what you want.  If not, you'll wind up with twenty different directions and fifty different products.  It's all *that* good.  For real.\n\nThe hipster factor is excessive.  But, honestly, the food is so good that I give Dave's a pass."]
['Unbelievable place, a must go. Sandwiches are amazing and I took the pasta making class that was the best money ever spent. Unlimited wine, cheese, then you learn how to make pasta (fettuccini, spaghetti, and raviolis) and then you eat most of it. They make the sauce and ravioli fillings. Then you take home more of the pasta. Best place. I will be back again for more food and more classes.']
["Like Dave's needs another glowing review. \n\nStill...\n\nYes, the sandwiches are perfectly delicious creations in and of themselves, but what I love most about this place is everything else. \n\nFor the space, they offer a delightful selection of pantry items and specialty foodstuffs. Local honey. Truffled salt. Organic milk. Dried goods. Fresh produce. Iggy's bread.  Homemade sauces and pasta so good you could cry.\n\nI especially love that they carry several of my favorite bottles of hard to find vino. It makes a bad day into a great day in warp speed. :)\n\nI do wish that they stayed open a wee bit later in the summertime. Say until 9. Sometimes, you just don't know that you need a bottle of pomegranate molasses until the spirit strikes you at 8:45 to make muhammara, ya know?"]
["Dave's Fresh Pasta is one of my number one deli's. Their sandwiches are large and simply the best. They are tasty, fresh, hot and everything you could want. Their veggie sandwich options are flavorful and the artichoke one is definitely one of my favorites. The Cuban is another winner that will leave you full and satisfied. Also don't miss out on their great pastas, sauces, breads, olive oils, cheeses, meats, and they have a beer and wine section! This place is great and everything is top notch!"]
['Your old-school neighborhood grocery, for the modern era. You can\'t do every little last bit of your grocery shopping here, but you\'ll come close.\n\nA full selection of fruits and vegetables, much of it local. Cheeses and fish and meats and honeys and cookies and jams... I am always amazed at how much they pack into this tiny store. And of course, there is fresh pasta. It is pricey, but it is good. Lots of locally made cheeses too, and other cool stuff from small producers. \n\nIt\'s a great place to get a host gift for a party. Last year at holiday time they carried fruitcake... I know what you\'re thinking... but it was fruitcake without the chemicals and gelatinous, radioactive-red-and-green fruit. It was made from regular (delicious) dried fruit, nuts, honey, chocolate, and spices, and covered with a dusting of cocoa powder. It was out of this world. I took it to Thanksgiving when meeting the in-laws for the first time and I\'m not sure if they liked me, but they were definitely all about that fruitcake.\n\nSo, you can get some cool and unusual stuff here. Not least of which are the wines they carry. A really extraordinary selection from the old world and the new. No Yellowtail here... You\'ll always find something new and interesting, and the staff are very knowledgeable. Everything is thoughtfully chosen and they really want to tell you all about it so you\'ll be as excited about it as they are! I will say that I wish there were more bottles around the $10 price point. The majority of the bottles are much higher. I know you get what you pay for, but I also know there are decent, interesting wines available at a lower price point.\n\nAnyway, if you are into wine, make sure you sign up for the Dave\'s Fresh Pasta e-mail list. They have an e-mail with weekly specials that also lists beer and wine tastings, pretty much every Thursday and Friday from 5 to 7. If you get on the "Wine Club" list you\'ll also find out about special discount/sale wines and after-hours wine tastings. These start at 7:30 when the store closes and they are a ton of fun. For $40 you get to try a handful of wines (I forget exactly how many, maybe half a dozen), and you get a discount if you buy that night. Themes might be a specific grape or region. The people leading these tastings are usually importers who have a lot of knowledge to share. Highly recommended!\n\nPro tip: If you attend one of these tastings, don\'t bring your gym bag with you. I tried that once, coming to the tasting without stopping home first. Let me just say that there is not a lot of extra space in this store. I tried to tuck my bag away in a corner but I think by the end of the night, every single person attending the tasting, as well as most of the staff, had tripped on it.']
["What a great combo of gourmet grocer and deli!  I love stopping in here to buy the odd cured meat, cheese, or fresh pasta.  But if I ever get a chance to eat something here, the thing that keeps me coming back is the Avocado BLT.  The salty bacon is perfect with the subtle sweet of the avocado and tomato.  Make sure you get this bad boy on a nice toasted whole wheat.   \n\nNote:  I've NEVER been disappointed with any of their catered food I've met at events."]
["I live in North Cambridge and heard of this place for 3 years and finally went three weeks ago...and been back 3 times since then...yeah it's that good.  I've been looking for a great Italian sandwich shop within walking distance and though Cardullo's in Harvard Sq and Sessa's in Davis Sq are good, Dave's is easily the best and in fact I'm not sure of anywhere in Boston that tops it.  I find most joints in North End and elsewhere Boston are over rated and overpriced.  \n\nI'm a huge proscuitto fan and you can customize your sandwich any which way and I was blown away with how good their proscuitto sandwich was.  Also had the italian and the ham &amp; swiss panini style sandwiches and all have been awesome.  You can get it cold or panini style it's all good. The staff is very efficient and though lunchtime gets packed they move through the line quickly.  Definitely check it out."]
["I feel cute when I come here. It's a quaint little.. somewhat hidden pasta shop/lunch spot. I love their fig and prosciutto sandwich and their cheddar and turkey sandwich. The fig and prosciutto sandwich is a bit sweet, so only get it if you feel like something sweet. Their cheddar and turkey is so amazing on ciabatta (it doesn't get as hard as focaccia when toasted/grilled); i never realized how perfectly those two paired! They also have some kind of special wasabi like mayonnaise in the turkey and cheddar which makes it perfectly moist, spicy, and delicious. I can go on about those two sandwiches...\n\nI love waiting too b/c then I have an excuse to taste all their samples of exotic cheeses, olives, and meats! It's a wonderful waiting experience. \n\nI think there is a limit to using your credit/debit card though, if you're going alone~"]
["Love this place.  The fresh pasta is a favorite, but the sandwiches are quite good as well.  The store offers a unique selection of food, beverages, and snacks - and everything has been great.  The walnut arugula pesto is a favorite.  Just tried a mint pesto and it was unique - we'll buy that next time.  I haven't tried the baked goods, but they look great."]
['Amazing sandwiches, delicious samples, and a bunch of fancy groceries (fresh pasta, yummy spreads, and then lots of other little gourmet treats) to bring home with after - what\'s not to love? Dave\'s has been my "happy place" in Boston since August 2006 - it never lets me down :) I went today after a long week and am already feeling a bit better.\n\nI highly recommend the grilled chicken #2, the caprese (I add proscuitto though!), and the artichoke and arugula (this sandwich is how I started liking portabella mushrooms!) but to be honest, I\'ve never had a sandwich here I didn\'t like.  \n\nAnd if you\'re buying things to take home for later, check out the artichoke &amp; lemon pesto. :)']
['You know me. You and I have definitely met at least once. I\'m "that guy". Yes, sounds familiar now, doesn\'t it? I\'m that guy who comes in wanting something that is "kind of" this but, well, not EXACTLY this. I\'m that guy who really is in the mood for "something like" that, but... almost not really... Oh come on, you know what I mean, don\'t you? I\'m "that guy" who doesn\'t carry a single clue of what they want, and you are the one who has to help me figure it out. Ah yes, you remember my face well now. There you go.\n\nI came into Dave\'s Fresh Pasta donning my best "that guy" face. Eyes excitedly scanning the room from left to right, right to left, wandering over to the back freezers, leaving to poke at the pizelles, moving on to the entrance again to read all the descriptions on the wine labels (Red wine? White wine? Who knows today? Not me!) and then, once again, returning back to the freezer to open the door and rifle through the frozen packages aimlessly. \n\nIt didn\'t take long for one of the associates to poke his head around the corner with a good ol\' "How do you do?" grin. Startled, I tried my best to look somewhat composed as I stood there like a deer in headlights, gripping a bottle of Vin Divino (that I did NOT pick up just because the label was a pretty grape violet, thank you very much!). He immediately came over to ask if I needed help. Shoot. I never know quite how to answer that question. And so began the dance: \n\n"Well, I sorta am looking for a... wine." \n\nI blink. \n\nHe blinks. \n\nI blink. \n\n"A... red?" I blink. He blinks. I take a breath, and ramble on... \n\n"Something that...doesn\'t need to be paired with anything, like a meat or a fish. Like... alone?" I pause. He blinks, listening intently. I blink.\n\n "And that\'s sort of... not bitter? Not a port. But... sweeter and... (some incessant mumbling about how I know red wines usually taste dry and bitter but I KNOW that\'s because they\'re supposed to taste like that because of the tannins... but sort of like grapes but a little fruitier and...sort of... yeah). So, ah... yeah! What do you think?"\n\nAs soon as I finished my question (if that\'s what you want to classify it as), he turned on his heels to pick up a bottle of wine and started off with a confident "Well, I really like this wine because..." And after that, it was like music after that. I believe that a taste is one of the most difficult things to describe, and wine is nearly impossible. However, the associate explained everything to me in a symphony of semantics using adjectives, metaphors and similes that had me nearly tasting the wine itself on my lips. Now that is something you can\'t teach someone by way of an Employee Orientation PowerPoint presentation.\n\nI left that store proudly nesting a velvet black bottle on my elbow, making mental notes of an imaginary guest list of the people I\'d like to invite to share a drink with me. I was not only satisfied with my purchase, but I was excited with the new item I had and anxious to show it off. The associate successfully translated my scrambled-egg-mess of ideas into the English language and, based on that, led me through a selection of several fine recommendations. \n\nIn the end, there are a few things that I am sure of (believe it or not): First, I\'m NOT a wine connoisseur, and I know only too little about fine foods. However, what I do know is that I enjoy partaking in the finer things in life every now and then and am willing to make myself look like an idiot to accomplish that. Though the product at Dave\'s Fresh Pasta is of a higher quality and standard, it is a place where you can walk through the door and feel comfortable in locating what you want regardless of your background. Even if you don\'t have a solid plan of what you\'re looking for, the staff here is ready to provide their opinion and advice on anything from wines, cheeses and crackers to the correct pairings for whatever your event or occasion. There\'s something to be found and enjoyed here by anyone, even if you\'re "that guy".']
['Really delicious sandwiches. So many choices. Great wine selection too! Came in the summer and they had a great list of rose']
["OMG yum yum yum. Played hooky from work one day and went with my husband out to Somerville after hearing lots of good reviews. Very very happy we did. \n\nI got the chicken pesto panini and my husband got the italian. They were so delicious. There was a good amount of people here and all the tables outside (which are all the tables period) were taken, so I waited for the food while my husband scoped them out and managed to get one. Fortunately, it was a beautiful day and sitting outside was really nice. I imagine during the winter people do a lot of takeout. \n\nThe best part came after our meal when we checked out their food and wine selection. We asked a guy for recommendations on wine and he really blew us away with his knowledge. We told him what we usually like and he gave us options in a variety of prices and told us SO much about each and what to pair them with. Kudos to them for hiring knowledgable staff. He really knew his stuff.\n\nWe had heard rave reviews about their pasta, so we checked that out too. If we hadn't already known it was there we never would've found it. When you enter, go right and tucked off to the side are all the sauces, spreads and pastas. We picked up some prosciutto and basil ravioli and some tortellini which we awesome. We also got some basil tomato sauce, my husband grabbed a slice of eggplant parm for lunch the next day, and we got this chocolate truffle thing they sell at the register and wowww it was $2.50 for a smallish piece but it was amazing. \n\nSo happy we found this place. Will definitely be coming back for lunch and to pick up items to cook at home. Can't wait to pick up some of their basil pesto and sub-dried tomato pesto."]
["I will add my praises. Unfortunately, it took me a year and one half to finally make it to Dave's but having been there on the first occasion, I have been back at least weekly since then. The Cubano is amazing as is the Brazillian for sandwich choices. \n\nHowever, the wine selection, fresh pasta  and homemade pasta sauces are really what its all about. They have an amazing selection of hard to find cured meats."]
["I spend a lot of money here but it is totally worth it. I made my friends basil lemon linguini with arugala almond pesto, both from Dave's, and though I did very very little work, it made me look like a culinary genius! Sandwiches good, staff good, wine gooood."]
["Holy ravioli. \n\nMy friend recently moved to Davis Square and was showing me around the area. She knows my penchant for pasta, so this was the first place she took me. All the fresh homemade raviolis looked and sounded delicious, but I decided to only buy one. I chose the spring leek and herb ravioli and also picked up some home made arrabbiata sauce. My friend got the broccoli and asiago ravioli.\n\nI'll start my review with the sauce: it was good. Not mind blowing, but a good homemade sauce. Much better than anything you'd get in a jar at the grocery store, but not as good as my old Italian grandma's secret recipe.\n\nThe ravioli, however, was excellent. There was a hint of lemon in the ravioli that made it taste like spring. I don't think I've ever tasted a season of the year before, but that's the only way I could describe it. Amazing. I had a bite of my friend's ravioli and it was equally delicious, though with its own distinct flavor.\n\nThe prices are very reasonable. For $11 I got a pound of ravioli and a large container of sauce. That's more than what you'd pay at a grocery store, but you'd be lucky to find that kind of quality at any grocer or restaurant. And chances are you'd pay at least that much if not more for a single serving of ravioli at an Italian restaurant, while my purchase fed two.\n\nI definitely must go back to try their other varieties of ravioli and sauce. They also have whole lasagnas, pizzas, and garlic bread that are all homemade. I have a lot of good food to look forward to."]
['best avacado blt ever..this is been our hangout since last one year..avacado blt and refreshing iced coffee every saturday']
["I tend to forget about the side of Davis Square that Dave's is on; luckily, my friend is super savvy and suggested this as a lunch spot.\n\nArtichoke arugula sandwich, grilled?  Delicious.  It's one of the pricier sandwiches on the menu, but I highly recommend it if you like artichokes (comes in a pesto form), portobello mushrooms, arugula, and fresh mozzarella.  I don't live in the area anymore, but when I do move back, I'm coming back for more sandwiches and to try some fresh pasta.\n\nMy one complaint would be how cramped it gets with people waiting for their sandwiches, and other people waiting to place an order.  It's also confusing that some people pay only after their orders are ready, and others pay after ordering but before receiving their food.  I wish the cashier would just ring everyone up after they order, or only after they have their order in hand.  I know there's just not enough space to set up a line for ordering and a line for paying, but maybe something could be done to clear up confusion and streamline the process.\n\nStill, I want another sandwich."]
["I always expect to love Dave's. I always leave disappointed.\n\nYou'd think I'd learn after 3 years.\n\nThe thing is I'd love to love Dave's. It's a favorite lunch destination of my friends, they have a large selection of sandwiches to choose from (so many options!) and all the employees are genuinely nice and helpful, especially when selecting wine. But I just can't think that I always pick the wrong thing from the menu. I've been here at least 5 times, trying something new every time. None have been spectacular, none have been horrific. Yet everyone still continues to rave.\n\nI never feel extravagant enough to pick up some pre-made pasta, but that may be the only thing that could change my mind. Nor do I ever need to pick up specialty (read-expensive) grocery items. \n\nBut for my friends, I'll continue to try to love you, Dave's. But I think right now we really need a break. Hopefully, in time you won't still break my heart."]
["I'll keep it simple, since there are so many good reviews. If you're debating about trying the place out, do yourself a favor and try it - you won't regret it. \n\nGetting a sandwich here is a treat. We've gone maybe 10-15 times and are ALWAYS  happy with what we order. We've had raviolis, sauces, sandwiches, etc. It's just a great place, and wish we had a location closer to home. We even met the owner once, who was really nice! My personal favorite is the steak &amp; blue."]
["I'm from Nashville, TN and have only been to Dave's Fresh Pasta a couple times. I have only eaten the Grilled Flank Steak on Foccacia. I've had it at least 5 times. This is the best sandwich I have ever had in my life. They have a lot of other great items as well but its hard to get off of this sandwich. If you were to tell me I could punch the next person I see in the face and get one of the sandwiches, I would beat the shit out of them. It makes me sad to read yelp reviews and look at all this great food porn. Congrats to Dave's Fresh Pasta for allowing me to eat the best sandwich I have ever had in my life. My only regret is not trying some of the other sandwiches."]
["Dave's has the best wine tasting!  Lots of amazing food and wine for around $40.  Sam and Felicia really know wine.\nI have never had a bad sandwich at Dave's.  The sandwiches are huge and delicious!  Their homemade pasta isn't bad either.  ;)"]
["We stopped in for a sandwich to find so much more. Dave's offers a variety of fresh pasta, deli items, and uniques food from the area. I even found milk from my favorite farm on the shelves! After custom ordering sandwiches we wandered through to find the variety of items offered by the shop and thinking of all the things we could cook with the ingredients.  Our name was called and we picked up our sandwiches. There's space out front with tables to eat but we decided to eat at home. When we did finally bite in the sandwich was unmatched. The turkey was so fresh and well seasoned with fresh lettuce and bacon on a slice ciabatta made at the shop. It was probably the best sandwich I have ever had and I can't wait to go back and try all of the other offerings. Highly recommend as a stop for lunch!"]
['One of my favorite places in the world! Grew up with the pasta from here - unbeatable. Delicious sandwich selection as well. Always exciting at Daves']
['Man. This Dave guy has got his pasta figured out. Fresh pasta who would have thought? I am used to stale ramen and then I stumbled upon this place and wah-lah, FRESH PASTA! My world is changed forever.']
["Nothing to say that hasn't already been said. Wonderful little deli/market with amazing sandwiches and fresh pasta. Also a decent wine selection. It's a little expensive, but that's to be expected."]
["Hand made pasta filled with all kind of deliciousness from a place that always has coupons available on their website??? Please, sir, may I have some more????!!!!!!\n\nI still cannot believe I have not written about this place yet....This was the first place that my boyfriend Matt J. and I ate from our first night together in Boston! You walk in here, and you are just enveloped by all of the various pasta types, sauce types, wine, beer, salads, bread, desserts....and those HUGE massive sandwiches just look like PURE HEAVEN. \n\nEverything here is just oh so fresh!! And they always have one handmade pasta type on sale each week, so if you are looking to save money on good food, that is the way to go, combined with one of their online coupons you print out and bring with you!\n\nWe got their ravioli filled with lemon and ricotta and paired it with their freshly made mint pesto!!! MMMMMMmmmmm My stomach just growled at my desk! And a pound of their ravioli is more than enough to split between two people, especially if you pick up some of their foccacia to go with it and toast it in the oven for a couple minutes!! Easiest and yummiest dinner ever! Plus, if you don't want to cook it that night, they have a lot of their pastas frozen as well and sauces too, so you could have Daves every day!!\n\nThe only downside to this magically wonderfully amazing place is that it isn't open on Sundays which is the one day we always find ourselves wanting one of their big mama sandwiches and their wine and beer prices and things like that are not the cheapest in the world...it is hard to achieve perfection, but Daves cuts it pretty close!!"]
["I have been in the mood for delicious pasta all week, and since we were in the area, my boyfriend remembered that his friend said this was the place to go for pasta. Woohoo! Except... he forgot to mention it's to buy pasta to take home and make yourself. Being over an hour from home, that didn't help me much. Bummer. Anyway, we noticed that there is a huge sandwich list so we decided to buy a sandwich.\n\nI liked the shop, but it was definitely crowded. It was hard to look at displays, and the restroom was like a broom closet in size. Also, the in door seating was very limited. Two groups got into an argument over one of the tables as we sat there which was kind of amusing. One very bad thing would be the flies. Tons of them. Pretty gross. I hope they clear that problem up as we killed four while eating. Just very unsanitary!\n\nThe food was good. My boyfriend loved his reuben. In fact, he said it was the best he'd ever tasted! My California wrap was okay, nothing spectacular. I thought the food was a bit overpriced too. That seems to be the norm in the Cambridge area though.\n\nIf I go back, it will be to buy some of their famous pasta. I thought the counter set up with examples of the different pastas displayed and great explanations of the ingredients was pretty nifty. I don't think I'd take the time to swat flies and eat there though. Maybe take-out is a better option. Do check it out though, and see if you find a good pasta or a delicious sandwich to munch on."]
["The delicious aroma that reached my nostrils far before I reached the front door of Dave's Fresh Pasta told me that this was going to be a pretty darn good lunch.  And pretty darn good it was.\n\nDave's Fresh Pasta sells...well, fresh pasta (big surprise), but my review is based solely on the deli sandwiches.  I ordered the Avocado BLT, which is pretty self-explanatory - bacon, romaine, tomato, and mayo, with big chunks of delicious avocado.  You get to choose your bread from an assortment that is made fresh daily, and once you taste it, you can tell.  I had my BLT on a toasted French baguette.\n\nIt was scrumptious.  The sandwich itself was pretty big, but I gobbled it up.  As I bit into it, my mouth was greeted with generous amounts of bacon and avocado chunks, and just the right amount of tomato (which is important to me since I don't always like tomato on a sandwich).  However, when I started on the second half of the sandwich, I was slightly disappointed to discover that there was slightly less avocado and significantly more bacon than the first half.  \n\nRegardless, at the end of the meal, I was a pretty happy camper.  So happy that I decided to buy another sandwich to go (Seriously, who does that?? Me, that's who.).  I got a sun-dried tomato turkey sandwich on whole wheat bread.  Topped with sun-dried tomato pesto, asiago cheese, caramelized onion, and spinach, this sandwich was even better than the BLT.  \n\nConsidering Dave's is a short ten minute bus ride from where I live, and considering their sandwiches are really fantastic, I know it is a place I will be frequenting often.  There are a lot of sandwiches on the menu, and I want to try them all!"]
["Dave's has about everything a foodie could possibly want crammed under one tiny roof.  Craft beers, good wines, organic (and some local) gourmet groceries, cooking classes, and of course their amazing sandwiches.  There are so many fresh delicious options to choose from!  This past visit the bf got the Reuben, I tried it and it was amazing!  Since i'm trying to cut back on meat these days I got the veggies with goat cheese.....mmmmm sooo good!  The rustic bread i got w' my sandwhich was all crusty and delicious too it really added to the overall flava of the sandwich.\n\nI would love for Dave's to be bigger though it seriously feels like one big cluster on a busy saturday, but somehow it all works out!!"]
['Its Dave\'s. \n\nIf you complain about the service, its your fault for being super sensitive. Besides, you\'re clearly in the minority. Are you really going to let "the way some hipster looked at you" keep you away from some of the best food in town?']
["I know this place has a million and five reviews but what the hell, might as well throw my hat in the ring. \n\nAlmost everything that this place turns out is amazing. I've only had two homemade pastas (one squid ink linguine that was to die for, and one butternut squash ravioli that was even better.) It's right there in the name, folks: fresh pasta. And what's even better is that most pastas aren't that expensive, at $3-5 for a pound of the stringy stuff and somewhat more for the ravs (up to $13 for the nicey-nice lobster types.) Worth it when you consider the cost of a box of the dried shelf kind; sure, it's only $0.50 but the human cost is so much more. (And by human cost, I mean your wailing, rending of garments, gnashing of teeth and sad, cheaply-filled tummy.)\n\nThe sandwiches at Dave's are also worth trying, with the exception of an underwhelming Italian. I know, I'm a horrible person. It was just too olive-oily and the cheese, though good Provolone, was absolutely slick with the stuff. But if that's all I can complain about, then fiddlesticks. The hippie salad is tasty and surprisingly filling, for being little more than a big pile of rabbit food (the tamari-tahini dressing is fantastic) and my coworker's roasted lamb wrap almost drove me to tears, it smelled so good.\n\nI would love to spend time perusing the grocery section. Which I will probably do this Saturday ... if anyone would like to bankroll my costly robiola habit?"]
["We love loved this place. Super fresh pastas and soups. The first person told us the pastas were only to go but then the next person gladly heated up some pasta so we could eat there so I'm not sure what the real policy is but the pasta is amazing. The sandwiches were great too. Worth our drive out of the way."]
['Let\'s say I marry a nice lass. Soon, she\'s showing the bump and nine months later, we\'re in Dave\'s Fresh Pasta and she looks at me and says "It\'s time." I try to keep my cool but I freak out and we rush to the hospital. I\'ve got the video camera (which I think is creepy, but her mom wants all the magic recorded) and my scrubs, she\'s in a gurney on her back flawlessly executing on all the Lamaze training we\'ve gone through. The docs and nurses are hovered around her and she\'s at the point of sweating where her hair is all pasted to her wincing face. And then, everything goes quiet except for one nurse who gasps, "Oh my..."\n\nAnd the doc turns around to show me my baby Dave\'s Cuban Sandwich. Everyone\'s embarassed, she\'s looking at me with the "I\'m so sorry" face, and I\'m in a little shock but you know what? I\'m not mad. With the crusty chewy bread, thick slices of pork loin, ham, fresh pickles, swiss and that amazing chipotle aioli, I know how irresistable it can be.\n\nAbsolutely, undeniably five stars.\n\nSample everything. Always three cheeses, two olive oils and at least one kind of marinated olive out on the pasta counter. There isn\'t a low quality item in this joint.']
['If I lived in Davis Square and had money I would be doing a ton of shopping at this place. I can understand the allure of this place right when I walked in the door.  Everything looks and smells delicious. I watched someone cutting fresh pasta. YUM!  I walked around and looked in every corner and crevice noticing how they fill up all available space with its and bits. Great wine selection.']
['Dave\'s ruined my life, because now that I no longer live on the east coast, all I do is fantasize about finding a Dave\'s substitute and have yet to find anything comparable to the vibe, variety, and quality of the food that Dave\'s offers.  \n\nSo thanks a lot Dave for being so awesome.  I hate you.  (And by "hate" I mean absolutely adore you).  \n\nI miss the sandwiches, fresh pasta, the tomato cream sauce I used to get like every week, the soups, ugh.  I miss everything.']
['Make excellent sandwiches and have a nice but pricey gourmet market inside. Only thing is, you would think pasta would be their main attraction, but they only have it available for take out.']
["Let me start off by saying I'm giving 5 stars and I haven't even eaten half of what was ordered! Stopped by just around noon. It was just starting to start the lunch rush! It was slightly confusing for my first time. There seems to be a wine section, fresh fruits and vegetables, a sandwich counter and then the pasta and cheese section. I started by ordering a tomato caprese panini. While they were making that I headed over to the pasta counter to order dinner for later. The lady who helped couldn't have been nicer, being patient as it was my first time ordering fresh pasta by the pound and by also giving suggestions on which of their homemade sauces would go with what I chose. Checked out and on the road I couldn't wait till I got where I was going to dive into the panini it was great with a balsamic dressing...could have used a pinch of salt and pepper! Over all great experience will definitely be back. Can't wait for dinner to try the pasta!"]
['This place is wonderful! They have all kinds of gourmet groceries. I bought a cotton "soup sack" for easily straining homemade soup. The sandwiches are delicious.\nToday my sweetie and I shared a pressed "Turkey and Sundried Tomato Pesto" Sandwich on Izzgy\'s rye bread, and a large Pasta Fagioli soup.  My only complaints are 1- that there isn\'t enough seating inside... We brought it home to eat since there were no available seats inside. And 2- that they don\'t offer half sandwiches.\nThe line moves quickly and the staff are friendly.  I love this place.']
['4.5 stars.  Phenomenal panini.  This is where I first fell in love with roasted red peppers.  Great (if pricy) shop with wonderful, Italian goodies from near and far.    Eat outside and feed the sparrows (if you are willing to share)!']
['Such a good little spot to have in Davis Square. Fresh pasta and sauces are phenomenal and the sandwiches are BOMB! Great spot to stop and grab some minor groceries and a nice bottle of wine. Fresh! Fresh! Fresh!']
["First let me say this: Dave's will always be a favorite in Davis...They still have a great selection of grocery items as well as their fresh pasta and sauces/dips/etc. But recently, their sandwich prices have increased and the sandwiches have gotten smaller/thinner. I recently went back for my usual Smoky-spicy turkey on ciabatta and the sandwich although delicious was thin. The turkey, cheese, and other fillings were not as abundant; before this change I could barely fit my mouth around the sandwich (haha) but now it was similar to having 2 slices of turkey, 1 piece of cheese, and minimal toppings...it was disconcerting that I paid an extra dollar (including tax) but got WAY less of a sandwich."]
['What a great store! They have an amazing selection of wines, meats, cheese, bread, and pasta. I did about a $100 dollars in grocery shopping here for my new apartment and it was so good when my friends came over they asked where I got all of this amazing food.']
["Amazing sandwiches and pricey gourmet goodies. Plus fun free wine and cheese tastings on select days. The only bummer is that they close fairly early in the evening and the line for sandwiches can become long, especially on weekends. Around the holidays they bake their own paneforte, something I haven't been able to find outside of Siena, Italy."]
["This place makes the best sandwiches in the state I would wager.  Really creative, and classic options. Definitely something for everybody. They have such a great little grocery shop in there too, and the homemade pasta is excellent.\n\nSeriously can't go wrong with this place and the location is awesome.\n\nI just wish they were open on Sunday!"]
["Thank you, Groupon, for partnering with this place to let me experience its extraordinary offerings for cheap.\n\nWhere do I start? Everything in this store is amazing. The selection of cheese is fantastic and diverse. I love that they have Shy Brothers' Hannahbell cheese. These adorable, thimble-shaped cheeses are so delicious and keep a surprisingly long time. Get all four flavors.\n\nThe fresh pasta. Oh, the fresh, hand-cut pasta. I love the black pepper fettucine. But beware: follow Dave's cooking instructions or else it'll turn into a giant glob of carbs (not that that happened to me or anything...). \n\nThe homemade sauces: the pesto is exquisite. Thick and flavorful. The arrabbiata (sp?) is equally delicious, as is the mushroom sauce. Mmm. \n\nThe frozen ravioli is a non-cook's dream. I love the crab. One seemingly small-looking package of ravioli will easily feed two if paired with one of Dave's sauces, so keep that in mind.\n\nAlso, be sure to try some of their many samples of cheese, bread and meat. The prosciutto, which I sampled and also bought, is thinly-sliced salty goodness. Also love their wine selection. And, I think this was seasonal, but do get their pumpkin cupcake if they have it.\n\nBasically, this is a gourmand's paradise, minus the pretentiousness. You can spend hours browsing all the stuff and no matter what you get, I'm pretty sure you'll walk away happy."]
["Thanks to Groupon I had a reason to make the trip out to Dave's...Well, thank you Groupon! Dave's is a small little spot but totally filled with fresh pasta's, sauces, cheeses, fish, meats, and wine. I managed to stop in around the time a beer tasting was going on so Dave's gets another star for that!\n\nDave's also sells sandwiches and they have a few tables to chow down at. Unfortunately they stop making sandwiches around 7p and that is right around the same time we got there. Next time!\n\nAlthough this is a small place, be prepared to spend some time looking at all the goodies that fill Dave's to the brim. Oh! And make sure to sign up for their newsletter to stay on top of their sales of the weeks and all the deals they have going on in the store."]
["Great place and has ambience....Food is out of this world...fresh bread......had seating outside.........very cousy inside.............felt like your in your kitchen cooking..........\n\nhad turkey sandwich..................with all the goodies.............can't wait to try there pastas................"]
["Wow, this store is really one of my favorite things in Davis.\n\nYou really need to take the time and explore every nook and cranny of the store. Obviously the pasta and baked goods are out but you might miss some of the best items if you don't poke around. Some of my all time faves can be found in random corners or behind a stack of boxes, no joke! PBR tallboys, garlic paste in a tube, local honey, AND the best thing of all time, the dairy case filled with Crescent Ridge ice cream!!! I will go back just for this!!!"]
["I've lived in greater Boston for five+ years, two of them IN Somerville, and I didn't go to Dave's Fresh Pasta until this past month.  \n\nI'm ashamed of myself for squandering so much Davis Square time in less worthy establishments.  Dave's Fresh Pasta is pretty much everything that matters to me in life.  Fresh, local ingredients for my own cooking, inventive sandwiches when I'm feeling lazy, or on-the-go.  And a melange of neat spices, that normally I'd have to go to ten different stores for.  Oh, and there's wine and beer?  And Pasta?  Pinch me!\n\nI'd like the option to franchise Dave's please, call me."]
["I can't believe I have never written a review for Dave's!  I love this place.  They have the best sandwiches in Boston hands down.  It is such a delightful place despite usually being extremely crowded.  Delightful in the sense it has so many of my favorite things - amazing sandwiches with great bread, wine, cheese, fresh pasta!  Did I mention they have Plainville Turkey - yay, go upstate NY!"]
['What a great find!\n\nMy family and friends took the pasta making class.   It was so informative and fun.  We loved Chef Jason and all his tips. \nWe plan to take some of the other cooking classes offered. \nWe also shopped at the market.  They have a great selection of cheeses and of course their pasta and sauces.   This will be a new favorite market for us.']
['I live for Dave\'s Fresh Pasta.\n\nThis isn\'t even an exaggeration.  When I think about why I love living in Davis Square, this is reason number 1.  From their amazing homemade pasta that is an annual late night holiday afterparty tradition, to the meatballs I claimed were "homemade" by me, to the sandwiches, the wine, the cheese, and the prosciutto, and everything else.  It\'s all just too fabulous for words.\n\nRun, sprint, fly to Dave\'s!']
['Great food. Crumby service. Too pricey. Some of the staff has just been there too long. Food service staff at this level should be a revolving door of well trained smiling employees. Not a career path. \n\nDrop the attitude. It\'s not the customers fault you\'re stuck there doing something "beneath" you.']
["Holy crap! I can't get enough of this place. \n\nBefore my first visit, I poured over the menu, dutifully studying all the pastas, cheeses, sauces, sandwiches and other deliciousness they have for sale. \n\nOn my first visit, I picked up some fresh Chard &amp; Roasted Garlic Ravioli and some of their Tomato Sauce with Mascarpone. The combination was exceptional.\n\nThey also make their own Boursin at Dave's, which is essentially a cream cheese, flavored with garlic, salt and a few other things. It's a really nice combination of subtle flavors - great for eating with water crackers or crisp breads while you're cooking your pasta. \n\nOn my next visit I had the roasted lamb sandwich with feta on a ciabatta roll. It was probably the best lamb sandwich I've ever had. I wouldn't get it again though, only because the sandwich menu at Dave's looks so good, I want to try everything.\n\nThey also have a large selection of frozen pastas, but when the place is called Dave's Fresh Pasta, it really seems like a mistake to take home something frozen, no matter how good it might be. \n\nAnyway, based on my experience so far, you can't go wrong with anything on the menu. I can't wait to go back.\n\nWarning: NOT OPEN ON SUNDAY."]
['There are already a bunch of reviews for Dave\'s, but i figured I could add my two cents all the same. \nThe sandwiches are incredible. My favorite combination lately has involved: foccacia, aged provolone, avocados, mixed greens, red onions, cucumbers, chipotle aioli, and sun dried tomato pesto (it\'s delicious and everyone should try it). It\'s a little pricey for some veggies + cheese pressed between bread, but I appreciate their commitment to locally sourced produce and the sandwiches are really generously sized - I often find it difficult to finish the whole thing. Also, they have a great selection of indie/"microfry" potato chips, which make a great pairing with any sandwich.\n\nHooray for an awesome cheese selection!!! McKinnon\'s just put up a sign about an extensive cheese selection and that\'s a boldfaced lie. However, the panoply at Dave\'s includes numerous domestic and imported cheeses ranging from firm to soft, from mild to stinky. This is a great stop for anyone who craves a serious cheese plate every now and then.\n\nI am so thoroughly impressed with the merchandise here and always spend lots of time perusing the items. The room/area adjacent to the sandwich bar has fresh veggies, the meat counter, and general goods. Within the general goods are cuisine specific items such as sofrito paste, udon noodles, coconut milk, exotic spices, and a whole bunch of other culinary-boner goodies as well daily use items such as kosher salt. They literally have everything here that you could need or want. Had a totally out of the blue craving for NOLA-style hurricanes a few weekends ago and where did I just so happen to find hurricane mix? Dave\'s. \n\nI haven\'t bought any of the wines here as they are a bit expensive, but the selection is pretty thorough and one would certainly be able to find a quality bottle here. I\'ve only had a few of the raviolis and have tried a few pasta sauces as well. Everything I\'ve tried in this store has been of excellent quality and makes me a happy girl with a happy tummy.']
["Some of the best sandwiches I have ever had.  I haven't lived in Boston for a few years, but occasionally I crave their Caprese sandwiches.  Fresh baked bread with generous slices of fresh mozzarella and excellent pesto.  And fantastic cookies.  I also really enjoyed their spinach salad with green apples and brie.  All of the portions are really generous-- you could easily be full after half a sandwich or salad.  Funny, I've never actually had pasta from Dave's Fresh Pasta... \n\nMy office frequently ordered catering from Dave's and on the days that they did there was practically a stampede to the kitchen to snap up the leftovers.  If you're in Davis Square, don't miss it!"]
["I already loved this store, but the level of service I got at the imported meats counter pushed it to another level entirely.  The quality of the slicing, the friendliness of the employee that helped, and the knowledge exhibited by everyone in the store truly makes this place a cherished staple in my life.\n\nDave's Fresh Pasta is a true star of the local culinary circles, due to the amazing pasta, wonderful meats, magnificent prepared dishes and, perhaps most of all, the fantastic level of service."]
["The Pesto Chicken sandwich on ciabatta is the most delicious piece of food I've ever eaten..ever.  There are very few things I wouldn't do for one of them. \n\nThey also have a really great food and wine shop that stocks interesting and cool things you can't even pick up at Whole Foods.  The sauces are also amazing.  I'm a big fan of the Tzatziki and Vodka Cream Sauce. \n\nGo, bring everyone and they will love you forever."]
["This is review for their fresh pasta and ravioli.  I always get my pasta here for my dinner parties and everyone raves about it.  The pasta is fresh and you can get it cut 5 different ways, but I always get it lasagna style and make really wide cut noodles from it.  My favorite is their black pepper pasta and it's perfect tossed with a little olive oil and lemon zest.  Yum!\n\nPlus, they always have yummy free samples of cheese, olives, and sauces lined up for you to enjoy while you wait for them to get your pasta ready.  =)"]
['Sandwiches are the best in Somerville. Tons of very fresh bread and filling choices. The homemade pasta are fabulous, along with the sauces. You really can\'t go wrong here. Very cool-Somerville without being "cool" Somerville. Go for lunch and bring home dinner, yum so good.']
["Holy carb coma!  So I'm usually not one to overdose on carbs...but...since I have a 12 mile race on a mountain this weekend...this is the week to do it.  Without a doubt, Dave's is where you go to O.D.!  They have way too many different types of pasta...couldn't decide...so I got a variety...prepared mac and cheese, cracked pepper linguini, and lobster ravioli.  They make a sage brown butter that works well with the lobster ravs.  For the linguini, I bought their homemade arrabiata sauce...which was the best arrabiata sauce I've ever had!  \n\nGenerally, as you know, it's not a great idea to go food shopping hungry...since you end up buying complete randomness that you would normally never buy...like the costco sized box of pop tarts.  At Dave's if you're hungry...no worries...they have a huge sandwich selection...about 30.  Also lots of soups, salads, calzones.  Or...if you're a cheap-ass...just pig out on the chunks of bread with samples of various dips, olive oils, and mini cheese cubes at the pasta counter.\n\nThanks Dave, for giving me this huge carb coma.  Maybe cheese and sage butter weren't the smartest options to have with the pasta while carb-loading for a big race, but, whatever.  I'll only come in first by 30 seconds instead of 45."]
["I can't say enough good things about Dave's Fresh Pasta. Sure, it has a distinct and fantastic selection of well curated, local and imported meats/cheeses/ beers/wines. What really makes Dave's is the people, totally awesome and normal human beings who really dig what they do. As a recent transplant to the East Coast, I was taken back by how helpful and cool everyone was in Dave's. Nicholas at the deli knew his shit, and provided inside tips on local cured meats. Diane in cheeses took the time, on a busy Friday night, to come out from behind the counter and walk me through the insane diversity of New England cheeses. Seriously who does that when the place is slammed? The depth of her knowledge had me taken aback, being a Sconnie who thought he knew his cheeses. I happily got my finocchiona and a sublime bloomy rind goat cheese from MA and basked in the warmth of Dave's. Truly a gem of the square."]
["Why this place took me three years to attend, I do not know. I have no excuses. I was actually walking by one day on the way to an appointment nearby when I saw the line out the door over a summer lunch hour, and realized that maybe I was missing out on something. It was another month before I got in the door, and once I had, I knew I had found my new favorite lunch spot. Yes, you may wait in line, and there might or might not be seating inside or even outside (though there is a park half a block away if it's nice out). But the sandwiches, from the vegetarian options to my personal favorite, the smokey turkey, are outstanding, especially if grilled. They are enormous, certainly large enough that I shouldn't finish them in one sitting, but I always do. They are simply that good. They also have many bread options, and though I've only tried the focaccia and multi-grain, they were both delicious.\nThe staff is quick to help and to kind of lead you through the process the first time, and the efficiency with which they prepare a million sandwiches between 12 &amp; 1 pm is in part why they are so awesome. \nAs for the grocery store, it's fabulous. You can get homemade pasta sauces, fresh cheeses, prepared foods... and really fantastic wine, all at a price that isn't absurd. No, it isn't cheap, but for what it is, it's certainly as reasonable as anything you would buy at a Whole Foods or other specialty store, and this all locally made and awesome. \nI'm actually sad that I missed out on Dave's for the first three years I was in the area. It seems like a tragedy. Now I just have to make up for lost time... with many stops. Really- it's worth any wait and any inconvenience you might have with not getting a great indoor seat. Run back to work with that sammy, and enjoy. Might as well pick up something for dinner while you're at it!"]
["Great sand which on one of my few visits to the Boston area! I'm from NY so I never think any food is better then the stuff u find around me. But this place came pretty close to it. Loved their hot sandwiches! Really hit the spot. I thought that the Italian sandwich was a little salty and oily for my taste. The meats carry enough oil and salt, no need to add so much extra. Also meat could have been sliced thinner. My mother in law had this turkey sandwich that was pretty incredible! We are gonna come back here soon!"]
["Dave's Fresh Pasta is one of my favorite places in Greater Boston. Fresh pasta, great cheese, pestos, some grocery items, wines, and amazing sandwiches/salads. Got the Chicken Sandwich #1, which had grilled chicken, mozzarella, lettuce, tomato, mayo and got it on a grilled focaccia. Great taste, filling, and fresh ingredients. They have a few tables and barstool seating. We got there a little bit before noon on a Saturday which was a perfect time to go because the place was packed as we were leaving. We also got some fresh pasta, basil/tomato sauce, and grilled shrimp for dinner. What a great way to make a delicious easy dinner! Just wish Dave's was open later and 7 days a week!"]
['As many have said before me, this place makes killer sandwiches.  I\'ve tried the Cubano and Brazillian Hangover sandwiches and both have been AMAZING.  Also, their pastas are fresh and delicious and the homemade sauces rock. \n\nWhy the "minus 1 star" then?  Well, this place is run by a bunch of sad-faced hipsters who look miserable and act like you are imposing on them when your order the food.  Seriously folks, if you hate the public so much, don\'t work with in food service.  Dave\'s food is delicious, but damn, I really hate dealing with the guys who make the sandwiches.']
["Mamma Mia!  Dave's Fresh Pasta has expanded into a larger store now.  It features such great wonders such as local and small producer meats, produce, dairy and grocery, and more wine &amp; beer!\n\nMore WINE!\nMore BEER!\n\nHappier Melissa M.\n\nDave's Fresh Pasta is my most favorite establishment in the Somerville/Cambridge/Boston area.\n\nI had the pleasure of learning how to make pasta with Dave last week.  He is a great guy, with a great store.\n\nCheck it out if you have not, yet.  And, if you have, keep going!"]
["Love the lobster ravioli and vodka cream sauce!  They have an amazing selection of fresh pasta and prepared sauces for those nights you just don't feel like cooking.  They offer much more than pasta but I always go for the same thing every time I stop into Dave's."]
['such a pity that one  male staff member can ruin an experience in this fantastic store ..........especially when the mistake is theirs, and busy-ness was not even their excuse.\nI shop there daily ..........and it is expensive ........but worth the products ...........get a grip dude !']
['Great spot to lunch with a friennnnn on a sunny fall day in Davis; and, by "lunch with a friennnnn" I of course mean:\n1. Order sandwich or wrap on-pita-not-tortilla.\n2. Sample everything -- pass on the mini stinky cheese.\n3. Wait patiently for name to be called. "That\'s me!" Then pay.\n4. Grab a seat indoors or outdoors.\n5. Drop sandwich contents onto chest/into scarf/everywhere. \n6. #saveforlater\nThis place has 4837495 great reviews for a reason. Go early and often. You\'re welcome.']
["No need to repeat the entirely merited lavish praise bestowed upon this wonderful establishment by the previous reviewers. \n\nGo here to get sandwiches (especially the Sicilian (oh my lord I'm salivating thinking about it))\n\nGo here to get fresh-made ravioli and get a tub of any of the sauces (especially the tomato basil (yes, I'm also salivating thinking about this)). \n\nGo here to get samples of cheeses and olive oils while you wait in the inevitably long line for sandwiches\n\nGo here to get fun things like what I called an organic and local Slim Jim (which I happily munched on whilst waiting on a sandwich)\n\nGo here to get fun groceries and good beer and to support an awesome Somerville institution\n\nI could go on and on, but I'm so hungry I think I need to go there ASAP!"]
["While the grocery side of Dave's is super awesome, it's the sandwiches I want to talk about the most. \n\nSeriously, these are the hands down, absolute best sandwiches I have ever had in my entire life. I'm not really sure what makes them so good... maybe it's the fresh ingredients or something secretly awesome they put in the mayo. \n\nI'm jealous of myself when I'm eating sandwiches from Dave's."]
["I LOVE Dave's Fresh Pasta and I've never even gotten the fresh pasta there!  I've had a few sandwiches from here, all that have been massive and fresh.  I've also come in and sampled some of their cheese, olives, gelatos and meats.  All have been absolutely amazing!  The expansion is also beautiful.  My friends and I were awed by the several mysterious food products that they had there.\n\nI've heard that they also offer cooking classes and pasta making classes.  And with their expanded wine section, I don't think this place could get any cooler."]
["A-mazing sandwiches, what can I say.  Great deli meat and bread, made to order, and simply delicious!  A tad on the pricier side but worth it (especially since they're pretty big 'wiches).  \n\nCurious to come back to explore more of the store - lots of unique specialty goods caught my eye!"]
["I love fresh pasta and Dave's makes some awesome, creative, and delicious fresh pasta.The shop is clean, well laid out, and usually packed so space is a little tight when waiting in the pasta line. They have a great variety of fresh pasta (garlic, red pepper, lemon pepper, etc.) and raviolis (spinach, pumpkin, lobster, etc.) all of which are delicious and fresh. They also have great sauces (smoked tomato cream is fantastic)which make for an easy and tasty dinner in a jiffy. The sandwiches are creative and filling! I love that they have lots of cheese, olive oil, and sauce samples for you try before you buy. Great selection of chocolate, cheese, veggies, and other specialty products. \nBottom line: Reasonably priced gourmet food, delicious sandwiches, and great little shop with friendly staff makes Dave's a 5 star hot spot."]
['Character goes a long way and this gem in the heart of Somerville has tons of it. There is no place in the Boston area, for us much as I know, that offers the same quality and variety, the same unique charm and such amazing and tasteful gourmet sandwiches, generous in quantity and packed full of taste. A place like this should have sprung in Back Bay... but perhaps it would lack Somerville`s nice layback atmosphere.']
["Oh my god, the pasta here is amazing. We had the fresh squash ravioli and it made for a really special meal. Can't wait to try so many of their others--Korean BBQ, Pumpkin/Sage, just to name a few. Pretty much any time you come by, they have a great array of samples out, so you can try lots of really delicious cheeses and pastas sauces and such. They have a great sandwich bar too--the bread they use is so fresh and wonderful. Awkward standing in the crowded waiting area, but so worth it. You can eat outside which makes for a pleasant lunch experience!"]
["So fresh, so fly.\n\nThis place is heaven. It's a wine/grocery/fish/meat/pasta shop! It's great that they use their very fresh ingredients, but it's how cohesive and experimental their recipes are that make this place and their sandwiches irresistible. You can't complain about the price because you *really* can't make this at home. If you can, open a shop and the people will follow. \n\nI love a good chef who's not afraid of using too much EVOO.\n\nTip: Pair your sandwiches with their Maine Root's Lemon Lime Soda; cuts through a heavy lamb sandwich."]
["This...place...is...awesome. Really, that's all you need to know, but I'll dig a little deeper.\n\nGroceries - check\nAlcohol - check\nFresh pasta of all kinds of different varieties served up just how you want it - check check check!\nSoups and sauces - check check\nCheeses - check\nSandwiches and food to go - check!\nVarious different flavors of olive oil - check\n\n..........just go for yourself, wander around (even if it's crowded)... soak it all in, buy some great quality items, and then thank me later."]
['Love the mascarpone and butternut ravioli and the pesto. The chard and garlic ravioli was good but not something I would feel a need to buy again. They carry a good amount of gourmet foods and the staff is very nice. I did not like the few pasta sauces I tried that much though. The marinara is very acidic, too strong, and the rosemary mushroom is a tad high in rosemary for my taste. The butter sage sauce would be better on carrots than pasta, heavy. I look forward to trying their sandwiches soon']
["A little over-hyped for me...My smoky spicy turkey wasn't anything special, but what I do like about this place is the diversity in their grocery products as well as their cheeses."]
["This little piggy went to Dave's Fresh Pasta.  \nThis little piggy shoulda stayed home.  \nThis little piggy woulda had roast beef.\nBut instead this little piggy had none. \n\nThis little piggy, showed up at 7:03 p.m. to get a sandwich, and cried wee wee wee all the way home.\n\n*Sad face*. They stop making sandwiches 1/2 hour before they close."]
["I have lived in the Davis Square area for almost three years now and always passed by this place never too interested to stop in.. until one day..\n\nThis is a seriously high quality one stop shop between their varied assortment of ravioli, fresh, local produce and their imported wines, chocolates and spreads.\n\nThe staff is the perfect medium of helpful but not overly helpful. This is a good thing because in smaller shopping environments, the overly helpful employee can be a huge turn off.\n\nI've never had their sandwiches but I have heard all good things. \n\nGo eat fresh pasta! Now!"]
["The fresh pastas, especially the ravioli, are delicious.  The sandwiches are very good, and they have enough staples to serve as a small grocer.  But there's something uniquely good about their freshly-made pasta."]
["Kind of a hidden gem. I only go there for the sandwiches. That's the highlight of this place, so their name is a little misleading. Tip: go with the panini. Grab some awesome drinks and potato chips. If you've ever been to Hi Rise, sandwiches are similar. Not much room to sit, so you'll prolly have to take it to go.\n\nThe market area reminds me of Formaggio Kitchen and has lots of gourmet foods and samples. It might as well be Huron Village."]
["Dave's Fresh Pasta is kind of a place for people in the know. Anyone who finds slightly expensive imported ingredients totally pretentious or unnecessary are not likely to step foot in this place. And that's okay. \n\nBut for the rest of us, who prefer our olive oil well-traveled, our pasta doughy instead of dehydrated, and sauce if not made from home at least in a tupperware instead of a jar, Dave's is a great little spot to shop for those fancy imported ingredients, not to mention a great selection of fresh (or frozen) pastas and sauces. \n\nI highly recommend their vodka cream sauce. \n\nThey also have a deli section, which includes an array of lovely sandwiches and pre-made pasta dishes, like lasagna. They even have a coldcut counter with hard-to-find meats, like prosciutto di parma.  \n\nSomething for everyone who takes their food seriously."]
["So I guess the secret is out this place makes great sandwiches. I've been going here for years and the only downside is that everyone else knows there good to so they get really crowded at lunch time. That being said it's totally worth it. Honestly I cant even pick a favorite sandwich they are all so good."]
["I love Dave's!  I moved into the neighborhood 8 months ago and still can't get enough.\n\nTheir pasta's are amazing, I've tried most of them - the raviolis and the tomato pasta are the best.  They have a nice variety of sauces to choose from as well.  Love to get a bunch of pastas and sauces for parties for my out of town friends-always a hit.  And nice that they have wine too-one stop shopping!\n\nTheir sandwiches are also amazing.  I put the caramelized onions on everything.\n\nVery cool place.  All my out-of-Somerville friends are jealous (they should be)!!"]
['I really only go to Dave\'s for their sandwiches, of which they have a great selection.  If I lived closer, I would probably go for groceries, pasta, and beer/wine.  Can\'t say enough good things about Grilled Chicken #1, I would eat it ever day if I could.\n\nDaves is lacking, though, in seats and CUSTOMER SERVICE.  The seating issue you can get around if you dont plan on eating in, or if its warm enough to use the tables outside.  The customer service issue is difficult to avoid.  I only put up with their "I am doing you a favor by paying attention to you" attitude so that I can get my sandwich on.']
['If only I lived closer to Davis square.....\n\nTook a class here awhile back and it was great. Informal, informative and downright fun!\nNever been dissappointed by the pasta and the knowledge of the folks who work here. Most recently had the scallops and leek pasta. Terrific!\n\nWhat makes this a destination is not only their fresh pasta but their Vermouth selection. Impressive. My manhattans improved 100%!!!']
["HOLY MOLY! THE BEST SANDWICHES EVER! My favorite is the Avocado BLT. SO fresh, big, and tasty! Whenever I have a craving for a good sandwich I go to Dave's. No other shop compares! I can't wait for the restaurant expansion!\n\nAlso... if you are wondering about the pasta making class... trust me, it is worth every penny. You make and eat your own pasta with some bomb red and white wine.\n\n#DAVEISTHEMAN!"]
["Good food. Lots of choices. Not much room to sit and eat but I've found a place at a table the 4 times I've been here to eat. Interesting specialty grocery store too. A Davis Square gem."]
["I love Dave's.  They have a great wine selection, lots of awesome foodie treats.  Their cheese dips are great, and they have all those little things you might need but don't know where to find it.\n\nHowever.  They lose a star because their staff is not friendly nor helpful.  I don't understand the reviews saying others have had that experience.  Maybe I just get people on an off day, but I was there getting sliced meat the other day and the guy who's job it was to cut the meat acted like I spit in his face when I asked to have my prosciutto sliced.  Sorry, I don't have a meat slicer at home.  Stuff like that.  I'm not picky either, and I'm always nice."]
["Yum! This place is my favorite place for sandwiches in Boston. Yes, I have to apologize I used to swear by Mike and Patty's but recently I've discovered how awesome the sandwiches are here. Plus you can pick up a bit of gourmet groceries at the same time, WIN!\n\nIt was a beautiful day in Davis Sq and I came here with one of my girlfriends for lunch. I ordered the prosciutto &amp; fig on toasted ciabatta bread. I absolutely love prosciutto with any sweet fruit, best food invention ever! The fig paste was a perfect flavor combination with the fresh prosciutto. The ciabatta bread was definitely homemade and I loved how the fig spread would poke out from the natural holes in the bread. My fingers were sticky afterwards but it was finger-licking good! The portion was rather large, I could have wrapped up half of it for later but I loved it too much so I just finished it the whole thing. Total indulgence!"]
["I've had the minestrone soup and the goat cheese + veggie sandwich and both were excellent. I appreciate the fact that they let the goat cheese melt into the bread so it isn't in big chunks. Menu aside, I love the selection of specialty products, esp. fancy sodas and juices."]
["Best sandwiches I have ever had in my life.  I have graduated Tufts and no longer live in the area, but I still think of Dave's Fresh Pasta whenever I am craving a really good sandwich.  I live in NYC now which had amazing food, but Dave's is still the best, I will have to come back to boston for the artichoke and arugula sandwich!"]
['Their rosemary fettucine is first rate, and everything in the store is laid out in a homey yet easy-to-find manner.']
["An institution in Davis Square.  Some of the best sandwiches (not for the faint of heart size wize) in town and of course a gourmet offering of groceries and such.  Definitely nab one of the daily special sandwiches - always guaranteed to fill and satisfy.  Steer clear of the Tuna - not their strength - but nearly everything else is a home run.\n\nThey also offer fresh pasta making classes, killer sauces, and frozen family style lasagna if you need a quick dish for a group. \n\nThe staff is cool - hip indie college students - but they work well together and don't give off any attitude - they aim to please!"]
["Dear Dave's\n\nThis is going to be the hardest thing i'll ever have to say, but, I'm leaving you. NOT FOREVER. Just maybe cutting back to a visit once a week...instead of 3.\n\n I'm moving to the North End, where no store will ever be able to replace the times we've shared, like the day you made the most amazing grilled ham and brie sandwich, with sliced granny smiths and dijon packed between the melty layers of deliciousness. This day was replicated on other occasions with the Sicilian, Bocadillo, Roasted Veggie and Goat Cheese, and the all mighty Cuban (a legend in these parts). Or the time when I discovered you carried one of my all time favorite cheeses (Piave) which I found lingering among the multitude of other fantastic fromage, and without hesitation, had someone at my side picking the perfect wine to savor with each tempting sliver I would be sharing with friends later that evening. I shed a tear that day. And last but not least, my fond memories of cut to order pasta, perfect strands all nestled together in a little package for me to take home and enjoy with a selection from your plethora of house made pasta sauces.\n\nI cannot tell you enough how much i'll miss stopping in on my way home from work, but just know, you'll never be far from my mind, and you'll still be seeing me as often as possible. \n\nHere's lookin at you kid.\n\n-LJ"]
["A superior dining experience.\n\nI would grow rotund eating their sandwiches if they weren't so well balanced.\n\nExcellent  vegetarian options. Have given vegetarian sandwiches to meat eaters with nothing but solid approval. Have given vegetarian sandwiches to vegetarians and seen a glimmer of rapture in their eyes, as we of the vegetable persuasion know it is often difficult to find superb vegetarian options.\n\nSolid wine selection to boot."]
["A-MAZ-ING. Dave's is good for any of the following scenarios:\n\nTired of take out? You can pick up one of the day's fresh ravioli choices, a container of whichever sauce strikes your fancy for the evening, and don't forget the garlic bread before headed into the wine room. Seriously, don't forget the garlic bread. It's crave-worthy. \n\nIn a rush? Grab an oversized, delicious sandwich. My current obsession - Steak &amp; Blue\n\nIs it raining outside? Use it as an excuse to get out of the rain and pick up a bottle of red and a selection from the cheese fridge.\n\nWant local produce? Imported groceries? Desserts? You can find those at Dave's too!"]
["Dave's Fresh Pasta is one of the few places that makes me jealous of my Somerville-residing friends. Their sandwiches are THE BOMB.  Tons of interesting choices, with homemade pestos and spreads and fresh bread, meat, and cheese. They aren't cheap, but for the quality/variety and size of the sandwich, I never feel like I'm being ripped off.\n\nI also love the grocery offerings -- great for picnics, cocktail parties etc. Wine selection is small but interesting and I've found some bottles that I haven't seen elsewhere in Boston. \n\nI'm only docking a star because sometimes the staff seems a little impatient and because they close at 7pm, which is early in my book, esp. for the wine/beer part of the store."]
["You may be asking, Brita, how good can a sandwich really be? Take a trip to DFP and you'll find out it can be a mood-changing, body-shaking experience. \n\nI love -- *LOVE* -- Dave's Fresh Pasta. I've been coming here for months, buying their (duh) fresh pasta, and the occasional odd grocery (they have fiddleheads here!). But today, oh-ho, today... I decided to buy a sandwich. \n\nAfter careful consideration, I selected the Sun-Ripened Tomato Turkey on Ciabatta. The turkey was filled with tasty herbs, the SDT pesto added to the sandwich, didn't over power it, the asiago cheese was delicately sprinkled throughout, and the carmelized onions were just... heaven. \n\nSpend your money here. Frequently."]
['Fantastic place to buy ingredients for anything, the sandwiches are great, and a lot of the stuff is local']
["The store is a madhouse and extremely busy (at least on a weekend day/evening). I tried a sandwich and it was very good. I also got some proscuitto ravioli, tomato linguini, and their lemon cream sauce. It was the best pasta I've ever had. Kind of expensive, but worth every penny!"]
['Very good sandwiches and homemade pasta. Little pricey and sometimes the sandwiches can be a little on the "bulky" side as far as portions but overall, extremely good sandwiches and establishment.']
["Dave's is one of my favorite finds in my new Davis Square neighborhood. \n\nWhether i'm wandering in to buy some smoked tomato mayo for my boyfriends sandwiches, or indulging in a pumpkin whoopie pie and some sparkling french lemonade after a particularly long day, or even picking up some fresh ravioli and homemade tomato sauce because the last thing I want to do is cook dinner, Dave's has always pulled through for me. \n\nThe only reason it doesn't get 5 stars is the particularly long wait I have to endure on Saturdays waiting in line for my spicy-smoky turkey sandwich on ciabatta surrounded by all of the local Tuft-heads who seem to be bused in especially to Dave's. But hey, they must like the whoopie pies too."]
["The great:\n- Amazing cheese\n- Delicious sandwiches\n- Incredible selection of random food things you now all want\n- Great community feel\n- Their pesto. The best pesto I have ever had.\n- They will cut your pasta in any way you want\n- The baked goods are de-licious. \n\nThe not so great:\n- A bit pricy\n- Lines/wait during rush hours can be frustrating, plus it gets crowded\n- Seating is impossible during rush hour\n- Their catering pastas don't do their regular pasta justice.\n\nIts one of my favorite treats out there!"]
['Awesome place -  great deli and sandwiches. \nFRESH FISH on Thursdays .']
["I do not know too much about the store section, didn't buy anything there. But the deli portion is pretty cool. They got a bunch of very unique sandwiches on the menu. The price is alright, little bit too high even just for a sandwich. I had the steak and blu and chicken pesto. Both were very tasty, the only complaint that I have is that they over grilled the bread. One of them was pretty much burned. I think this just happens because they are very busy and don't keep an eye on the grills sometime.\n\nThe seating area is very small, but in the summer they put a few tables on the street."]
["Om nom nom deliciousness. I got their chicken sandwich #1 last night and was in heaven for those fifteen minutes of eating it....and then felt satisyingly full!  I'd never been in there before, and so was really excited when I got a chance to try it out last night. The sandwich was DELICIOUS, and didn't feel too greasy or fried or anything like that. \n\nI poked around at the fresh pasta as well, which is a mecca for me, an extreme pasta fan. I'll definitely be buying some soon, complete with their homemade Alfredo sauce  which I had a sample of as well. SO GOOD.\n\nBasically, I love this place. It's a little cramped and the service was a little slow. However, it's probably because they took meticulous care in making sure the food was just the right amount of fabulous..."]
["A friend and I went for what was both our first time at Dave's, and OH MY GOD, it was an amazing sandwich experience.\n\nWe split the spicy turkey, the ingridients were so well balanced. Not too much meat, but still plenty to satisfy a carnivore. It had a good spice that wasn't overpowering. The ciabatta bread was crunchy on the outside but fresh inside. And to top it off, the sandwich maintained its crunch and dexterity the whole time (aka, it didn't get all gross and soggy).\n\nSeriously its so amazing. My friend and I know our sandwiches, and Dave's might take the cake in Boston.\n\nOnly downside is the price, but that just means you make it more of a treat to yourself instead of an everyday thing."]
['Did my first class with Jason and it was great. Pretty much a full meal with wine and you get to learn about technique and watch it be made. I highly recommend these classes and will be back.']
["For $24, I snatched up the following items from Dave's Fresh Pasta on one glorious afternoon:\n\n-10 bulging brussel sprouts\n-1 container of peeled garlic\n-1 Vermont Maple Syrup\n-1lb of prosciutto/provolone tortellini\n- 3 oz. of Fourme d' Ambert bleu cheese\n\nSo far, I've sauteed the sprouts with the garlic, alongside mushrooms from Boston Organics. I've eaten half the cheese on whole wheat crackers. I paired the tortellini with a pear and turnip puree with brown-sugar butter. And I dribble a little of the syrup in my oatmeal every morning. Each bite I took was worth every penny and, whether cooking for myself or a dinner party in the future, I will forage the racks at Dave's for more mouth, mind and belly-pleasing procurements.\n\nFor further shopping needs, you'll find a great variety of wine, infused olive oils, cheeses, cured meats, a plethora of pastas, local vegetables, all-natural sodas and juices, cupcakes, sandwiches, sauces, artisanal chocolates and a hundred other fun, delicious items."]
["Does this place need another awesome review, probably not. However, I will subject you all to my thoughts whether you like it or not. Then again, you could probably just stop reading and there isn't much I can do about that. I digress...\n\nThis place is legit. Awesome fresh pasta, awesome ravioli, awesome cheese, kick ass beer selection, decent but pricey wine offering, and all around a great place to go pick up what will surely be a great meal simply because of the ingredients. \n\nHere's my gripe - and that it two fold based on one source. THE PEOPLE! Okay, so guess what, I'm not a hippie. I shower, I shave everyday, I wear a suit to work, and on the way to work, I think of various ways to run over cyclists and make it look like an accident so I don't go to jail. Furethremore I buy fancy watches, expensive shirts, and generally I think that the Occupy Movement was a bunch of uneducated morons. SO! Let me tell you, DFP - I stick out like a sore thumb. This, I do not mind - but when I walk in there I am so clearly being judged by both the patrons AND the employess it is ridiculous. I can honestly tell you about a time where the guy behind the counter passed right over me as I was waiting to get a half pound of cheese to help some smelly hippy that decided her way to show the world how independent she is was to not shave her armpits. (Yes - I know they do it in Europe - and frankly, I wish all those people would move there). \n\nDave's Fresh Pasta offers the best selection of a grocer / beer store / wine shop anyone could ever want. Just make sure you aren't a republican - or else you might find yourself drinking over-priced coffee yelping about it on a Saturday morning."]
["Me: Boyfriend, if it were your last day on Earth, what would you eat?\n\nBoyfriend: Uhhh...............Every single one of Dave's sandwiches. So I could take a bite of each and die happy. \n\n\n'Nuff said. Eat the sandwiches."]
["I strongly recommend the pasta making and sauce making courses.  Dave will teach you that neither is rocket science and I've been having a great time making pasta ever after.\n\nOh, and did I say his sandwiches are great too?"]
['The freshest sandwiches, breads, pastas, sauces, cheeses, meats and produce. We love trying out the different pasta sauces with the dozen or so pastas they have to choose from which is cut while you wait. Go here, you wont be disappointed.']
["I'm a big, fat, huge, rolypoly fan of Dave's.  No, seriously...I am going to need to be wheelbarrowed into this place if allowed to eat all I wanted to.\n\nTheir cheese selection is solid, their bread is fresh and delicious, their sandwiches are amazing, and their produce/pasta/everything else is delightful.  AND, it's all so wallet-friendly in price!  As a student, I feel like I can shop at Dave's and get high quality food while not breaking my bank account.  This, my friends, is fantastic."]
["Their Brazilian Hangover Cure sandwich actually cured my hangover.  Can't really beat that."]
['My husband and I went to Dave\'s on a lazy Saturday.  All the amazing reviews had me looking forward to eating there.   We ordered the Cubano sandwich.  Sandwiches were delicious.  \n\nAfter we finished eating, I did some shopping and I was a little put off by the deli counter help.  When I tried to pay for my fresh herbs and asparagus, I was told "it would be a while since he had to slice a pound of ham".  Well don\'t hurt yourself I thought and I went back to the sandwich counter four people deep in customers to pay.  Not cool. \n\nEven great food cannot overcome crappy service.  Too bad.']
['By far the best Sandwich in Somerville, Had the Italian on a Baget  and Asparagus Soup She had The Rueben on Light Rye with chips Grape Soda GREAT stuff Excellent food took some Pasta home will try over the week end Had some wine at there tasting This is a real Grade A experience, Invited back tomorrow for there Chocolate tasting. How can I resist, Think I will try there Lamb and Goat cheese Pita Wrap She wants to try the Cubano....Great place INDEED Thanks Yelp for pointing it out, Lots to do out on the stroll through Davis Sq, after a great take remember after great food **** ITS ALL ABOUT ATTITUDE****']
["As far as specialty shops go, I cannot think of a better spot than Dave's Fresh Pasta. Consider this yet another glowing review... definitely not the first and certainly not the last.\n\nI encourage anyone who appreciates thoughtfully prepared, fresh, and unique items to come here and BOOM you got yourself a great dinner. The fresh pasta is rolled out and cut right in front of you (the black pepper pappardelle was a revelation), the pre-made sauces are convenient and tasty as ever, the produce, cheeses, just everything really is delicious. They have a bunch of items at the pasta counter to sample as well. Their sage butter was mmMMMMmmm. \n\nThey have a deli, frozen food section, wine/beer shop, freezer with unique items, etc. They even have a tiny penny candy bin which personally tugs at my heart strings a little. I've heard the sandwiches are fantastic (which I totally believe 100%) and next time I'm in the area will be trying their Cuban sandwich. who are we kidding, it's definitely worth a trip out to Davis.\n\nDave's Fresh Pasta = nomnomnom."]
['Let;s start by saying that if you don\'t know fresh pasta, you don\'t know pasta.  It is nothing short of carb heaven and I highly recommend getting some.  Once you Fresh, the Dry seems like eating cardboard.  Dave\'s does a fantastic job with pasta of all flavors, shapes and kinds.  The service is super friendly and fast.  Get some.  My favorite right now is a wide fresh pepper noodle with Pesto and pan seared scallops.  God smiles on you when you eat this combo and it takes literally less than 5 minutes to whip up.  So why not five stars?\n\nThe layout of Dave\'s pasta SUCKS.  If you in anyway claustrophobic do NOT go when they are busy.  They have the place set up SO wrong you end up sharing body parts, fumes, and fluids with your fellow clientele.  Their pasta section is about the size of a sardine can with a line that twists into a congested flow of people shopping for pasta sauce, and \'oh no just let me grab that cheese from the case\' bumping swelling mob.  All this while their wine section that is quiet like a tomb takes up over half the store.  \n\nMy suggestion?  take a day off of work and get your pasta from Dave\'s then.  Or come ready to elbow your way through college students with popped collars and over sized sun glasses exclaiming as they cut in front of you "Oh!  Nikki!  Look they have pasta!"']
['This place is AMAZING. I decided to take 3 trains from Back Bay to this restaurant because of the reviews I read on Yelp. It was so delicious, there are no words. The place is great, nice prices and fresh food.']
['I went into Dave\'s planning to grab a bottle of wine and some pasta for dinner. Found great options in both categories and happily went up to the register to pay ... where I was offered a free sandwich. I\'m not really a sandwich gal, but after ascertaining its legitimacy ( ... "is this a roofie sandwich?"), I said of course I would take the free sandwich. \n\nIt was amazing. As was the pasta, which I ate the next day. As was the bottle of wine. \n\nSince then, I have also learned that it pays to peruse Dave\'s shelves; they have some seriously random and delicious things sitting in jars just waiting for you to take them home. They are also one of the few local places where you can get legit Key Lime juice. Random + Delicious.']
['This place is a foodies delight--lots of gourmet accoutrement to dress up your everyday meals. Their pasta selection was great, but the real reason a few of my co-workers and I ventured out of the lab was to try their sandwiches! Needless to say, we were not disappointed. \n\nWriting this review seems as though its a drop of water in a waterfall of reviews raving about their sandwiches, but I still feel like I have to put my two cents or more like $10 in...Yes they were a bit on the pricey side--but well worth it. \n\nI got the artichoke and portobello panini--perfectly crispy thick bread, with an artichoke and lemon pesto, grilled portobello, baby arugula and fresh melty mozzarella--perfection! My co-workers got a selection of sandwiches ranging from the ruben to Italian to smoked turkey and all were pleased! \n\nWill definitely be planning another trip soon!']
["Just in time for Valentine's Day, I am totally in love. \nFor $40, I picked up a pound of chive paparadelle, a pound of roasted leek and gorgonzola ravioli, two different sauces, a large piece of AMAZING eggplant parmigiana, some frozen tortellini and some frozen ravioli. \nEverything so far has been beyond delicious and I just love how much more amazing my go-to meal of pasta has become. \nNow, I just have to get through the workday so I can rush home and eat more ravioli (sad, but true). \n\nThey also host wine and cooking classes which I'm hoping to check out soon. Oh, and have great coupons (which don't expire) to print out from their website! Go get em."]
["Just went to a wine tasting here for the first time and I was impressed! The selection of wine is much larger than most in the area, and their pasta selection was fantastic! Albiet a little pricey, It was a great selection and a great time. \n\nThough the food was great, wine was delicious, and the hosts were fun, funny, and helpful, It seemed a bit snobbish. If you know a lot about wines and pairing them, this is the place for you. (at least their wine tastings). If not, I'd spend the $40 on a bunch of Trader Joes 3 buck Chuck and a cheese pizza."]
["I'm sticking to four stars. If the butternut squash ravioli I got a couple days ago really wowed me, then I would consider a fifth. It was good, it was fresh, but the texture of the filling was unexpected and kinda weird. \n\nI was under the impression that most butternut squashy things end up with a creamy texture. I'm thinkin butternut squash soup, butternut squash ravioli at Giacomo's...smooth, creamy goodness. So why did Dave's Fresh Pasta's filling have almost a shredded crab texture? That's almost what it looked like, too. \n\nI asked a friendly face behind the counter what sauce went well with the ravioli, and I ended up with a delicious smoked tomato cream sauce, which was deeeeelicious. And the meal as a whole was pretty good, and I'm still a fan, but that texture...kinda weird.\n\nExtra kudos for Tosci's ice cream in the freezer, fresh produce, great cheeses, yummy-looking sandwiches (haven't tried yet, but will!), super friendly service, and a public parking lot across the street."]
['You gotta love this place.\nNow, I must admit I don\'t go the "terribly-adventurous" route here. I don\'t eat meat (I know they have very high-quality meat), I\'m almost vegan... but I go here at least once every two weeks. I usually pick up some local produce, get a garden salad to-go, and pick up a side or two. When I need wine for a party or something, I always go here. It\'s so great to get advice from Sam, the lovely wine-dude. \n\nBut basically I just dig the vibe here. I totally wish that I could be a fly on the wall here all day long. It\'s obvious that the employees are having a nice time and they enjoy each other. This is a good thing.\n\nSo yeah, Dave\'s = happy people. Good stuff. Check it out. Oh yes, and I recommend the pickled garlic/pepper combo in the olive section. Totally awesome. I can eat a tub. Bad breath but hey.']
["You can't go wrong with their fresh pasta, their sandwiches, or their wine selection. I'm going to pick a small bone with them regarding their cheeses, which can mainly be found in a refrigerated display. I like to talk to a cheesemonger from time to time, and to select the size of my cheese chunks depending on my needs, so I was a little disappointed to find out that everything was ready-packaged. I also thought that the selection was more limited than at other similar stores (Formaggio Kitchen and Wine and Cheese Cask both come to mind). \n\nStill, definitely worth checking out if you need lunch (although there's almost always a line, so it's not your fastest option) or want to pick up a nice bottle of wine for a dinner party.\n\nAlso, did I mention the fresh pasta? Just kidding. Go already."]
["I didn't know what a ham sandwich was. All these years I thought I had been eating and enjoying them, when they were actually false ham sandwiches. Dave's Fresh Pasta makes the True Ham Sandwich. It is Pork that unites them, the Pork that binds them, the One True Pork that rules them all. It's the kind of sandwich that, when bit into, makes you start swearing to yourself in a language that you never learned. It's a holy experience and it grants the gift of tongues so that you can express your adulation and enjoyment for all to hear.\n\nThere's a little bar with stools by the window where you can go and hunch your shoulders and eat your sandwich like a caged animal protecting its dwindling food stash by devouring it all at once. I have thought of ordering two sandwiches and pretending that one was for a friend who 'forgets' to show up, and then of course I have to eat that sandwich because it can't go to waste. This is the kind of place that makes your brain create crazy rationalizing role-plays to convince yourself that it's normal and healthy to eat six pounds of sandwiches in one sitting."]
["I have never been disappointed by Dave's; I always feel so much happier when I leave here.\n\nFirst off, it is exactly what it says it is: specialty food, sandwich, and grocery. But they should also add beer and wine store to that list. I don't understand how they fit so much great stuff into this small place, but they do. Whether you're looking for a nice bottle of wine for a dinner party or a tall boy PBR, some bath salts, freshly baked bread, fresh fish, gourmet meats and cheese, fresh produce, delicious frozen homemade dinners perfect for those lazy nights you don't feel like cooking, or random specialty items like ranging from miso paste to matzoh ball mix, chances are, Dave's will have it.\n\nAnd to top it all off, they serve really great sandwiches. Again, I have yet to be disappointed. The place is always jam packed during lunch time on the weekends, you'll be lucky to find a table alfresco, but it's worth the wait. I highly recommend.\n\nDave's also offers classes and events at some cost, but just an added bonus to a great local business.\n\nOh, and the fresh pasta obviously."]
["Great selection of beers and wines, the buyer has a fine pallet. \n\nThey have organic local milk, yummy cheeses and the staff is friendly and knowledgeable. Oh, and you have to try the dry sausages mmmmm, mmmm.\n\nThe only thing that confuses me is that in the header the price range only has two dollar signs $$. Dave's is SUPER expensive, but you pay for the quality."]
['Very cute little pasta shop, deli, grocery store.  Had the chicken pesto sandwich on rustic bread and it was heavenly.  I was worried that the chicken was very cold in my hot sandwich but the marinade and tenderness of the chicken was perfect. Wish they had a larger selection of drinks.']
['I hate to sound harsh here---but I\'m not sure why this has 4 1/2 stars. I cam here with my two sisters for lunch. I do have to say that the store itself is very nice, especially the wine area. It is a very cute little shop--trendy and yuppy all at once.\n\nThe food, however, nothing special..... I would not travel for one of their sandwiches. I got prosciutto, mozzarella, roasted red peppers, and arugula on a grilled foccacia....BIG LET DOWN. Ingredients were not fresh--arugula was wilted, and the sandwich lacked any real flavor.  \n\nNow I\'m sure they offer other great things like cheese, milk, sausages, but the ingredients in my lunch were just plain terrible. With sooo many places in Somerville, I\'m not sure why this is the big spot. I\'d like to try them again, but not sure if I will.\n\nAlso, have driven by numerous times and have seen a big truck delivering pasta!  I understand the novelty of fresh pasta, however drive by the store at 6AM and you can see a big truck that reads " Maria\'s Pasta".... hence, Dave\'s does not make their own! \n\nDisappointed but may return.']
["I live around the corner and the only bad thing I can say about this place is that they are closed on Sundays. The pasta is delicious (get the ravioli!!). The sandwiches are delicious. The wine guys are the most friendly, non-pretentious dudes ever. I love Dave's. The market is definitely overpriced (nothing more than you'd expect from a locally owned corner store with high quality products) and the lunch rush is super crowded, but it's all worth it. Go here often."]
['Fantastic. Fresh food. \nWide beer and wine selection which pair very well with the food selection. \nSandwhiches are out of this world.']
['Ahh, here come my mixed feelings for Dave\'s.\n\nI can understand how people would love it. There\'s no other place within a 10-mile radius that offers the same variety of "fresh" pasta, or gourmet products. But...something is not right--and I didn\'t realize it until I came home to New York and started shopping at Dean &amp; Deluca. Here\'s the problem:\n\n1) First and foremost: deli counter staff have a tendency to wipe their faces with their hands and then proceed to touch food. I witnessed this twice. Not O.K.\n2) "Fresh" pasta is dried around the edges (by midday). Unappealing.\n3) Cheese used in ravioli is super fatty.\n4) Prices are unbelievable. How much for lobster ravioli? And it\'s frozen??\n5) Cashiers are never polite, with the exception of Dave. I don\'t care how good you think the food is, it is never O.K. to act a blas fool with customers. \n\nSandwiches give me a belly ache here (size? old bread), but I like the flavor combinations in the Sicilian. Cupcakes were a newer addition when I left Boston, and they were quite good. \n\nBUY: Toscannini\'s ice cream from the freezer, fresh baguettes, soups, cheeses, cupcakes\nWATCH OUT FOR: "Fresh" pasta that isn\'t really fresh\nAVOID: The sale cheese rack. It\'s always a hard cheese that is about to spoil.\n\nHappy hunting!']
["This place is on the walk from the T to my apartment, which means I eat a lot more pasta than I did before I moved here.\n\nI don't go for the deli meats because I don't eat meat, but I've always been able to find a sauce/pasta/wine combination that works for me. I always walk out paying a little more than I'd like to, but it feels worth it when I really don't feel like cooking. (Boiling water doesn't count as cooking in my book, at least.)\n\nAmong the best: gorgonzola cream with shrimp/roasted garlic ravioli. Surprisingly, among the less impressive: lemon parmesan sauce with lobster ravioli. The quality difference between the fresh and frozen pasta isn't huge, but there's always a selection of both.\n\nIt's a respectable little shop. Staff has never been rude, but I don't think I'd describe them as super nice either. Give it a shot if you're in the neighborhood."]
["I have only been to Dave's for the sandwiches and some random groceries, but the sandwiches have set a new standard for $10 meals. A bad day + Veggie Goat on Pane Rustico = a good day. The ingredients are great, the menu diverse, and the atmosphere is cozy and interesting. The pasta, beer, wine, veggies, and cheese are fun to peruse as you wait for your sandwich.\n\nOne downside is their restrictive hours for sandwich making, but this isn't enough to keep me from maxing out the stars. This is the one restaurant in Davis that always sounds good to me, and there are a lot around."]
["Really good deli, nice staff, carefully selected groceries and beer inventory. What's not to like?\n\nI highly recommend all three varieties of sandwiches I've eaten there -- the reuben, grilled chicken #2, and the Cuban (oh man).\n\nLooking forward to taking a class or two or three."]
["It takes a lot to get me excited about a sandwich. Just a bunch of stuff placed between two slices of bread... how uncreative...\n\nBut somehow, I am excited about Dave's sandwiches. They make sexy sandwiches. It's the combination of fresh ingredients and amazing bread. The sandwich menu is overwhelming... everything sounds so good! \n\nThe caprese sandwich is delicious and even better with proscuitto! The smokey spicy turkey is also good. Real turkey in a sandwich?! What a concept. The cubano is epically meatastic sandwich. Definitely more suited to sharing between two people. Overall, I have yet to meet a sandwich that I did not want to make out with at Dave's. \n\nBeing a poor grad student and having yet figured out how to grow a money tree, I cannot afford the food/wine that they sell in the store so I cannot vouch for those products. But I've heard amazing things about it from my friends. I'd imagine the pasta is good or else they should really consider changing their store name."]
["Can I live here? No really can I? Cause I so would!\nI visited Dave's Fresh Pasta with my co-worker. She wouldn't stop raving about how awesome this place is. I bought a $25 groupon a few months back and I was psyched about finally using it a few weeks ago.\n\nI bought the lemon Parmesan cream sauce, roasted tomato vodka sauce, mini wheat bread for snacking and frozen cheese ravioli. I loved almost everything except the mini wheat bread and the vodka sauce. I love wheat bread but this had this weird after taste. Won't be buying that again. I especially loved the lemon parmesan cream sauce and I'm devising a plan to convince my husband to drive me over there to get some more. My stomach is grumbling just thinking about it.\n\nAs soon was you walk into this heaven the smell of bread and pasta and cheese. You get hungry.. but no worries..they make sandwiches to go! Awesomeee!! So we ordered the grilled chicken panini...I licked my fingers.. I'm not going to lie.\n\nWill return.. I didn't give it 5 stars only because it's a little far away from me...and I need to try a few more things."]
["Dave's Pasta is great but expensive.  I was having a dinner but ran late at work and didn't have time to make pasta.  I felt bad about going out but Dave's was jus as good as homemade.  The line was long and the pasta sauces are in small containers an expensive for what they are; however, on a night when I didn't have a lot of time but wanted and tasty, healthy and fun meal, this was the place to go!"]
["When I cook a meal with pasta and sauce from Dave's, not only do I lick the plastic container clean after I've emptied out the sauce, but I also lick my plate clean if no one else is around (or if present company is doing the same, which has happened before).  And if I happen to be eating a sandwich from Dave's, I'll lick my fingers clean.  Their stuff is just that good."]
['I love this place.  Everytime I want to feel like a foodie I go there. \n\nGreat cheese, wine, pasta, friends and, nice earthy-crunchy neighborhood!']
["Favorite place ever! Sometimes (somewhat often...) I go in just for samples. EVERYTHING is homemade or made fresh locally and brought in: bread, cheese, meats, pasta, sauces, EVERYTHING. So unbelievably good. Their market has tons of exotic spices and ingredients that I love as well. Only place in Mass that sells stroopwafels as far as I know.\n\nTheir alcohol collection is also great. I haven't had as much experience with the wines, but their beers are mostly local and all really good. The attendent was very knowledgable about each of the beers' flavors and origins.\n\nThe crowning glory is the sandwich section, though. Even though it'll take about 15 minutes to wait, it's worth it. Just load up on samples while you wait!"]
["You would think by the name of the place that this is some Italian joint but actually its a nice little market and deli. The place was packed and most people eat and run. They have a few seats and I was lucky to get one of them. The sandwiches are plenty to choose from and you can even make your own which I like since I'm a picky eater. It was amazing. A must try."]
['What an efficient place that makes delicious delicious sandwiches! Employees give a damn about construction of the sandwich, the ingredients, the toasting. Place is small, but everyone seems to be kind to each other and things move fast.']
["Dave's Fresh Pasta - thank you for making me look forward to going to the dentist! No, really, my dentist is down the street and I regularly treat myself to a little fresh pasta and a whole bunch of yum as a reward for surviving another cavity filling or cleaning.\n\nThis place is one of my fave businesses in Davis Square. It has the highest quality specialty foods and drinks. Everything I've bought has been a winner: fresh raviolis with incredible fillings, sauce, produce, prepared dishes, imported cheese, and on and on. My favorite so far is the butternut squash and the vodka cream sauce. They win major brownie points for participating in a groupon deal a month ago...even if everyone in the greater Boston area snagged one up, it shows their commitment to customers through this recession. And, as if buying their tasty treats wasn't enough, last night, I noticed that they have classes on pasta making and sauce making so you can recreate the magic in your own kitchen. I can't think of a better holiday gift for your loved one who likes to cook - it would keep on giving and giving ;)"]
["For Christmas, I was charged with bringing the ravioli. We talked about various places to get it from, but when I mentioned the Lobster ravioli, my father made his decision.\n\nWe got the lobster, cheese, and butternut squash raviolis and they were all demolished by the end of the night. The lobster went over very well with my male relatives (they served it with tomato sause, the butternut squash was sage and butter). \n\nOrdering over the phone and picking up was super easy and the raviolis weren't frozen, but made fresh that morning and easy to cook. Great place to go!"]
['Phenomenally delicious and affordable. We tried the fresh pumpkin pasta and topped it with the arugula pesto, some fresh lemon, and a bit of chevre. SO GOOD.']
["best sandwiches in the area hands down.  high quality meat and cheeses and everything else to go along with it.  pasta is also amazing.  Dave's is the best!"]
["Thank you fresh pasta god for whatever you did to convince the staff at Dave's to improve their attitude. Increasingly over the past few months I have noticed a considerably more friendly, helpful staff. Imagine this: when I smile and say hi - THEY smile and say hi! When I say have a good night - they say it back! And sometimes... they say it even before I do. \n\nI knew this day would come. 5 stars."]
["Tips: \n\n+ Heat and then swirl butter into the reduction sauces -- delicious! Trust me, butter is essential.\n+ Cook fresh noodles 2-3 minutes.\n+ Cook fresh ravioli 7-8 minutes.\n+ Don't stand in front of the free cheese samples, or little hipster trolls will shove you out of the way.\n+ Just because a wine is from France or Italy doesn't mean it's good. Avoid the cheap wine or you will get a headache from it."]
["Not only they have delicious pasta, they have delicious sandwiches!\n\nJust remember, the pasta is NOT cooked! it's for t ake home! \n\nThe pasta is so tender, when cooked it is like being in pasta paradise. You can ask them to cut it in any size - angel hair, fetcunni, etc. They also have ravoli style. Comes in different flavors - egg, tomato, etc....3.99 per pound\n\nBut their SANDWICHES are SOOO good too! \n\nhad grilled chicken number 1 - toasted bread &amp; perfectly grilled juicy chicken with fresh fresh fresh mozzarella cheese(thin layer), added with mayo like sauce, lettuce, and tomatoes\n\nalso had smokey ham sandwich - wow, oh so good. layers and layers of mozzarella cheese, and bountiful amount of smokey ham. \nabout 8 bucks each/\n\ncoffee was from rock city, and plenty of homemade take home products for sale - we bought one of their tomato sauces, can't wait to try at home."]
["Two words: Prosciutto.Fig.\n\nIf you go, please please PLEASE get the Prosciutto &amp; Fig sandwich on a ciabatta roll. GRILLED.  \n\nThe fig jam provides an amazing sweet, sticky contrast to the salty, paper-thin sliced prosciutto.  Plus the earth-shattering crunch of the grilled ciabatta and the ooey gooey mozzarella make this sandwich a true masterpiece!\n\nWhile I do love all of the sandwiches that I have tried thus far at Dave's, I am currently too infatuated with the prosicutto&amp;fig to talk about anything else.\n\nI shed a tear when it was gone.  Don't worry though, Dave--I will be back!"]
['Dont find many places like this around here! All good quality, nice frozen lasagna selections and reasonable... Funky cool and crowded!! Always worth a visit!']
["Dave's Fresh Pasta is a phenomenally popular place with a line out the door...it's a great place to grab a sandwich for lunch, now I'll warn you, these are $8-$10 sandwiches and they are victims of what I like to call sandwich inflation, these sandwiches are big, and thus inflated, and if you eat a whole one for lunch you will be doing your heart and stomach a disservice...you will develop into a very large person...so split one with a friend or get one and save half for dinner (which is what I do).\n\nThey also have baked goods to tempt you that are really good, cupcakes, cookies, those are priced rather cheaply compared to the sandwiches.  \n\nI have not begun to plumb the depths of this menu, it's pretty ginormous, especially with all of the different kinds of breads you can get your sandwich on and you can get them grilled too...panini style...\n\nAnd they also have the option of getting your sandwich on the heavenly B&amp;R Artisan bread!  So what are yo waiting for...this place is rocking Davis Square for lunch...\n\nBut try not overeat."]
["A friend was getting married and it was time to plan the bachelorette party. This friend wasn't a huge partier and didn't want to spend the night in a party bus or wear wearing a veil while completing ridiculous scavenger hunts. Instead this bride to be wore a tiara, a sash and took a class on making pasta from scratch. Another friend of the bride recommended doing a pasta making class at Dave's that included dinner and wine for $50/piece. I thought it was pricey, but from the horror stories of what I heard other friends paying for bachelorette parties I figured I was getting out cheap.\n\nLittle did I know what a deal we were getting. We were welcomed with wine and a plate of cheeses. Then Jason, a trained chef who has worked all over, taught us how to make the dough for the pasta, how to roll it out and how to make it into spaghetti, linguine, raviolis, and tortellini. He put up with our suggestive comments, our girly laughing and our wine drinking. After making all the pasta he cooked up two delicious sauces and cooked up our pasta for our dinner. The food was fantastic and so was the experience. I highly recommend taking a class with a group of friend for a fun night out! My only complaint was that we had to wait so long to eat. Guess I shouldn't have come hungry, our class started around 5 and we didn't eat until 8 or so. I would suggesting eating a bit before as cooking pasta makes you hungry and thirsty! All in all it was a great night and all of us sure were thankful for the mounds of pasta we ate when we went out for the next part of our nights!"]
["I can't believe I didn't know about this place earlier. It's places like this that makes me so happy to be alive~ Fresh produce, cheeses, sandwiches, home-made sauce and soups.... and PASTA made right their in front of your face!\n\nOh man... I went and got some food there right right after I learned about it from Yelp, and I am definitely in-love. I got some of the porcinni ravioli and they are so fresh and tasty. It's like bringing restaurant quality raviolis into my own kitchen. The selection of raviolis and other pasta is amazing. They have different types of gnocchi--original or chive, many different ravioli--including smoked salmon + mascapone, crab...etc.\n\nI spent a long time in the pasta section just admiring them... :)\nAnd apparently they also sell wine and lots of other yummy treats that I need to explore, but after one visit they already won a five star in my heart."]
["I've lived in Medford for a year and a half now, and it was only a couple days ago that I went in for the first time.  I'm so ashamed.\n\nMy boyfriend and I split two sandwiches: the French Ham and the Steak and Blue, both toasted on a baguette.  I loved the brie and green apple on the ham sandwich, but felt that the sandwich guy was a little heavy-handed with the spicy dijon.  The Steak and Blue, however, could not have been improved.  Delicious.\n\nI'll have to come back to take a look at their fresh pasta and sauces...when we went last Friday night, the place was jam-packed and we were feeling a little too claustrophobic to look around."]
["I found this place about 2 weeks before I moved from Somerville after only having lived there for about 2 months. I wish it weren't such a trek to get out here from the South End bc I would come ALL THE TIME. Their sauces are delicious. They're pasta is delicious, and they both keep very well in the freezer. I've even frozen some and brought it down to Florida because I couldn't imagine indulging in food so good and not sharing the experience with my family.\nNothing but good things to say about this place."]
["One morning after a stroll around Davis the boyfriend and I decided to try out the famed 'Fresh Pasta' considering I couldn't go on Yelp without having this be recommended or in the recently reviewed.\n\nI got a sandwich that had turkey with sundried tomato spread as well as other delicious 'accessories,' and while it didn't come with fries like deliicious, I also didn't feel like I was going to die after either. It was easy on the grease and was light and crispy on the cibatta bread. I loved it! The seating however, (since it was too cold to be outside) was really awkward, since we had to ask other people to get up in order to get out of this small 'alley' that had been made behind the coolers.. It actually made for a somewhat undesirable eating experience.\n\nAfter lunch, we decided we'd have to take home some of the namesake pasta, so I decided on a pound of the specialty butternut ravioli (which also had something in it I could not remember) and the nutmeg cream sauce. The only negative aspect  of this was the price. At 6.99 a pound for the raviolis and about 4 for a small tub of sauce, it certainly was not a 'bargain' meal. However, it wasn't take out and it was DELICIOUS, as well as  a great portion for two people.\n\nI certainly will be back, and can't wait to try more of what Dave's has to offer."]
["Unbelievable, the pasta is on point of course, the sandwiches are amazing though. The steak and blue is my go to. Come to Dave's and get your mind blown!"]
["Because it's not in the very center of Davis, it's actually easy to miss the best thing in the whole area. Yes, it lives up to the hype:\n-The best sandwiches around \n-Knowledgeable friendly staff\n-Amazing beer and wine selection for such a small area\n-Quality food you won't fine anywhere else \n\nThe space is small and it does get cramped. I recommend going during off hours."]
['This place is just literally the best. Their sandwiches and products are fantastic and the staff go above and beyond - they are helpful, kind and interested no matter how busy it is.']
["Dave's is great little pasta shop , the type of place everyone wishes they had down the street.  As for the pasta and ravioli they have many choices something for any sauce .  They also have a small selection of beer,wine, dairy , produces and other gourmet item. Many which are a little other priced but high quality. The service can be friendly or rather rude and curt.  \nBeware of the parking meters=tickets =expensive pasta and they closed on Sundays otherwise a great place."]
['Outstanding!  From fabulous past and ravioli to rich, hearty sauces to an outstanding selection of cheeses, meats, and chocolates to the hearty soups to keep in the freezer, this place is incredible!  And that does not even touch on the fantastic, sophisticated wine selection and wonderful local goods available for sale.  This place is amazing!']
['Dave previously had "Noodles" across the road from Dali (or say Wine and Cheese cask) while ago. When it closed I sobbed. The best best best pasta dishes at amazingly low price.\nNoodles had a great kitchen and yet there were only 4 tables. I wondered how they can survive. I guess he was selling pasta to restaurants and shops.\nNow, Dave\'s Fresh Pasta. He still makes pasta, sells it to other places, but most of all, he is now onto "Dave\'s whatever good food".\nHis craft, making pasta is the best I know. I am really hoping that Dave\'s Fresh Pasta sticks in Davis square for years to come.\nI know Panini\'s are good. I had them. I know whatever there is good.\nOnly thing I was hoping this place is, PLEASE DO NOT GO AWAY EVER AGAIN, DAVE! \nWHATEVER YOU DO, LET US HAVE YOUR PASTA.\n\n(I\'m running out of capital letters)']
["This is really selfish, but I love this place so much that I actually want to give them 1 star so it becomes less popular and I won't have to fight my way through hoards of people to order my food anymore.... \n\nI absolutely adore this place. \n\nI had a pound of Parmesan lasagna and it made me melt with Ecstasy. \nI actually want to move to Somerville so that I can be closer to here. \nTheir local cheese selection is amazing! \nand the best part? \nThey have samples! \nI biked there so I couldn't buy any perishable cheese *I left broken hearted. \nEven the pieces of bread they had out to taste the cheese samples with were delicious. \nI'm a bit sad that they their sandwich options aren't the most vegetarian friendly, but I could really just eat cheese and bread all day so I can't complain. \nOMG CHEESE"]
['I cannot think of even one thing that could make this place better than it is. NOT EVEN ONE THING.\n\nFor some reason, I was under the impression that this was a little pasta trattoria, so not being that into spaghetti, I avoided it for a very long time.  Thanks to our lovely Community Manager, I was forced to go head-on into the lunch experience at Dave\'s Fresh Pasta a few weeks back, and I\'m so glad I did!\n\nFirst off, I had no idea this place was a convenience store.  Of course, I use the term "convenience store" very liberally, as this is nothing like a 7-11 or Store 24.  No, this place packs all the gourmet/local/artisanal products you could ever dream of craving (yes, we\'re talking the deconstructed version of food porn) into a tiny little storefront space.  Floor to ceiling, there\'s so much to look at, pick up, examine, and break your budget to buy.  Not that any one thing is particularly expensive, mind you.  Rather, you end up going in for 1 thing but coming home with 20 things you just "really needed".  \n\nThey have kombucha (!!!), they have craft beers, they have local chocolates, they have an impressive spice collection, they have meat and cheese and bread and all the fixins for a KILLER picnic.\n\nThen, there are the sandwiches.  On a large board, they list their deli sandwich choices, and cross out anything they\'re out of for the day.  The bread choices alone (not just in numbers but in actual selection) had me scratching my head for 10 minutes.  Finally, with some coaxing, I went with the cubano (hell, our CM swears by it so who am I to try and reinvent the wheel) on some crusty, toasted, thickly-sliced bread, grabbed a kombucha from the cooler, and went outside to enjoy my meal on one of their tiny (yet charming) little sidewalk tables.\n\nSeriously, the sandwiches are incredible.  The breads are fresh.  The store makes me want to reallocate my tuition money to my food budget. \n\nDamien, I owe you for this one.']
['Wow - 163 reviews already. What more can I add? How about my experience the first time I came here.\n\nI walked in, after seeing it featured in a ROTD. I wandered around, apparently looking confused. So confused, that another customer walked up to me and said, I roughly quote "This is your first time here isn\'t it?" I admitted that it was "this place is the be ee es tee BEST!!! I love it here!"\n\nAnd that really says it all. You know a business is amazing when you get spontaneous glowing reviews from other customers.\n\nBesides that - what can I say that everybody else hasn\'t already said? Their fresh ravioli are awesome. Great for an easy meal for a date. I\'m a big fan of the butternut squash, myself. Tee ehhh esss tee whyy TASTY!!!']
['I\'m not sure I can really in good conscience give this place a blanket recommendation.  For instance, if you don\'t like food, you might not like this place (though they do have a nice selection of beer and wine).  Or maybe if you hate pasta (although even if Dave\'s delicious ravioli and cut pastas can\'t bring you around, the sandwiches are there to back them up).\n\nReally, and most relevantly, if you don\'t have a fairly significant section of your budget devoted to "really tasty stuff", you might want to give this place a pass, because you\'re going to find it very hard not to buy lots of deliciousness in here.\n\nIf you\'ve got a penchant for good food and the willingness to spend a (not too large) premium for it, though, Dave\'s is more of less the best place ever.  A typical trip for me involves a delicious steak sandwich with blue cheese and caramelized onions, a couple pounds of frozen ravioli to stash at home (try the smoked salmon and mascarpone!), a growler of tasty microbrew, local-farm-fresh eggs and milk (along with any veggies/herbs I might be needing), and, if it\'s a Thursday or Friday, a pound or so of fresh, locally caught fish brought in that morning.  Oh, and maybe some crazy-delicious specialty mustard, or honey, or sun-dried-tomato-paste-in-a-tube, or...\n\nSo yeah.  If you\'re looking for a wonderland of food, this is the place for you.  Just don\'t say I didn\'t warn you when you just... can\'t... stop... buying...']
["I hadn't been in Dave's fresh pasta since they expanded their shop and offerings. When finally made my way in there a few weeks ago I was nothing short of amazed!  Their selection of pasta, cheese, and sauces was always incredible, but now there is so much more! Local milk, local cheese, bottled seltzers, cans of this, jars of that, honey! bread! oh-my! \n\nAlthough Daves won't fit in my everyday budget, it's the perfect place to pick up this or that for a special meal."]
['Absolutely love everything about this place except that it closes way to early for me to every get there. if you can make it there by 6ish you are in for a treat no matter what you get, amazing soup, sandwiches and shockingly even fresh pasta. definitely worth the trip on fott, bike T or car to Davis Sq if you can make it to this mid day paradise before the doors close.']
["I've been to Dave's many times for their amazing sandwiches...but I recently had the good fortune to purchase a Groupon which gave me $20/food items for $10, such a deal.\n\nSo I went on down and got myself two one pound bags of frozen pasta - cheese tortellini and spinach ravioli, 1 small flat of cheese lasagna and a quart of fresh marinara.  Their marinara reminds me of my moms - fresh but cooked enough so all the spices have truly scented the 'gravy'.\nI've never been disappointed with their sandwiches and I'm very happy I tried their pasta and sauces.  Delish."]
["The only reason I come here is because I'm Italian, live right around the corner, and I can get things here that I can't get without an out-of-the-way trip to the North End.  But not on Sundays, because they're old school.  Besides that, they're overpriced and the fresh pasta isn't even that good.  Also, they're starting to outsource too much (even if it's local) and not make things that should be easy to make in-house (pizza dough).\n\nActually, now that I'm writing this, I realized that I can't even get some things that I'd like for them to carry...like Locatelli Pecorino Romano cheese...seriously, you're a fresh pasta/Italian specialty store...how can you not carry Locatelli?  I despise pre-grated parmesan cheese.  Blech.  Instant downgrade to 2 stars."]
["Dave's Fresh Pasta is one of my favorite places in the whole Boston area.  The only reason my friends and I don't go more is because of they close so early in the evening (7:30 M-F, 6:00 on Saturday) and because they're not open Sundays.\n\nIn addition to a well-stocked little marketplace with wines, juices, and fresh produce, they feature a sandwich bar overflowing with options and, of course, a delicious pasta selection.  I'm going to talk about the pasta because hey, they don't call it Dave's Fresh Sandwiches.  \n\nWhen I go, I always get the ravioli.  They usually have at least 6 options - my favorite are the butternut squash and the swiss chard &amp; garlic.  They also have a fridge full of freshly made sauces to go with the pasta.  Last night my friend and I bought a pound of mushroom ravioli and a container of nutmeg sauce and made ourselves a heavenly dinner for about $10 total.\n\n(FYI, they recommend buying a 1/2 pound per person for the ravioli but unless you're starving you really only need 1/3.)\n\nThey also have a half dozen cheese samples out at any given time, fridges stocked with frozen pastas and soups they've made, and a fair amount of seating, indoor and out.  \n\nIf you haven't been here before, you need to try it."]
["Love their fresh pastas!  Got a pound of pasta here and it was more than enough for 2 people.  Fresh pasta is not comparable to boxed pastas.  But Somerville is quite far for me, wish they were right next door.  I'll be there everyday.  It's going to be soo hard for me to make boxed pastas again.  \n\nTried one of their sandwich but not very memorable.  Might try another kind again.\n\nIt's very small and crampy in there along with the place packed with people.  The staff are all very friendly so that made up for it.  I was struggling to get a white wine to cook my pasta and the guy was very informative and helped me choose a yummy one."]
["Best sandwiches I've had on the East Coast.  I'd give it 5 stars and would love to come again, but their food preparation suffers from cross contamination of allergens."]
["Are you ready for Dave's Fresh Pasta? \n\nYou enter and are immediately assaulted by visions of so much food. Dave's is a grocery store/pasta bakery/sandwich shop/wine cellar. Yeah, and there is cheese too.\n\nThe sandwich I had there was both incredible and huge - which for 7.95 is a deal. I've also had their fresh raviolli (bought it, took it home, cooked it) which were thoroughly delicious.\n\nNeed a cheese course? I've already had an amazing goat brie, drool drool. Not to mention that their bread is great, their prepared foods look tempting through the glass window, and there are often samples of cheese and mustard and other savory things.\n\nReally, what more can a person ask for??"]
['Mouth is still watering!!\nSo I had a groupon and went in for the first time yesterday and immediately happy that I live no where near this place. If I did, there would go a lot of my money. Down the drain!\nWe\'re training for a marathon this weekend so it\'s time to carbo load. I got their pumpkin mozzerella stuffed ravioli, vodka sauce, some foccascio (sp?) bread, and lobster ravioli (haven\'t had yet).  The pumpkin ravioli was fresh and just touching it made me happy.  Oh man. They had fresh cheeses in that store and lasagnas ans I never wanted to leave.\nSo I went home and used the vodka sauce and pupkin ravioli and my stomach is soo happy!!!!! \nMy fiance has always told me he doesn\'t like vodka sauce - that\'s because he is always having that store baught junk. I made him try this and he was like "That is excellent!"\n\nOm nom nom!']
["When I was taking an evening class at Tufts I would occasionally treat myself to a sandwich from Dave's Fresh Pasta.  People in my class would eye my sandwich and ask with envy where I got it.  \n\nIn addition to a great deli selection, they carry tons of fresh pasta, sauces, international and domestic cheeses and wines, fresh bread, cured meats, plus some gourmet pantry items. \n\nIt is a great place to pick up really nice entrees to reheat at home for dinner."]
['Insanely tasty pasta, sauces, ingredients for pasta and sauces, and a whole slew of other artisanal foods including a decent cheese selection.  They have classes on this stuff as well for people who are into that thing. \n\nBest of all - humongous cheap sandwiches for a pretty decent lunch!']
["This place is my new favorite place. Which spells trouble for my wallet. Luckily, it spells delicious for my stomach. The fresh pasta is great and reasonably priced for what you get. Warning: once you go fresh you are not going to want to go back. They also have a great cheese selection and a plethora of free cheese and olive oil samples (squeeeeee! I freakin love free samples). Yeah, the cheese is a little pricey, but hey, there isn't really another place in Davis to get nice cheese. Their produce always looks fresh. I do wish that they would cut their pappardelle a little thicker.\n\nDon't forget to get your FREE cherry pepper at the register!"]
["I love this place!  I always go in for 1-2 items, and leave with at least twice as much...which is both good and bad!  They have really great value wines here.  I always receive great suggestions from the employees there when I tell them what type of wine I'm looking for.  Their food is amazing too.  The homemade pasta, especially the ravioli, is delicious.  They have a ton of different sauces for sale, as well.  I also really like their Kalamata Olive dip and the Tuscan baked crackers.  Another bonus is they smell Jasper Hill Blue Cheese from VT, which is the best blue cheese EVER!  Their pizza dough is also really tasty and cooks so well, too.  Basically everything they sell is delicious!!!\n\nI also have taken a sauce making class here which I really enjoyed.  We got to sample a ton of different pastas, sauces, and wine.  It was such a great time and really well taught."]
['After reading the Yelp reviews, I bookmarked this place "to try" and finally got around to it today. \n\nFirst impression: very impressive! And huge! I imagined a small little storefront, but this place has everything you need for a gourmet meal!\n\nThere must be 30+ types of ravioli and tortellini for sale, as well as almost as many sauces and soups. They also have a great selection of cheeses, olives, breads, produce, and more. There\'s a sandwich counter (which made me wish I had gone in hungry!), and a pasta counter where you ask for your fresh (not frozen) pasta. \n\nThe alfredo sauce was incredible! I also got the smoked tomato cream sauce, which was fair but I wouldn\'t buy again. The cheese ravioli were a nice basic, definitely high quality. The sauces were about $4 each, and for alfredo sauce 2 containers were good for a pound of store-bought (read: not fresh) pasta. One container of the tomato cream sauce was more than enough for the pound of ravioli from Dave\'s.\n\nCan\'t wait to go try some more foods (and maybe even the lasagna!). \n\nYou can ask for pasta cooking instructions, or pick one up on your way out. If you\'re new to making fresh pasta/ravioli, make sure to grab the little information sheet.']
['I love you and hate you Groupon: love for helping me save $10 at Dave\'s Fresh Pasta, and hate you for introducing me to what will most assuredly be the biggest money suck in my life from here on in.\n\nWhen I walked in yesterday, I immediately wanted to eat everything - which you pretty much can, considering there are samples throughout the store. Hungarian salami, two different kinds of goat cheese, various tapenades, sherry and avocado oils, and delightful sharp cheeses.\n\nI purchased some proscuitto/asiago/basil ravioli and some sweet pea/ricotta ravioli, as well as some tomato basil sauce. The woman in the wine section was super-helpful in picking out a wine that would complement our meal. The pasta was super-easy to cook (though "stir to separate" my ass! I had to cut apart some of the raviolis which were still attached after cooking) and had a great fresh consistency. I can\'t wait to go back.\n\nCredit card debt never tasted this good.']
['The bocadillo:\nmy reason to work from home\nbest lunch around']
['This is my local Davis Sq place for sandwiches.  They have a huge selection of sandwiches, subs, panninis, and just about any other type of sandwich you can think of.  The have some creative ones and those standard to the rest of the lunch world.  My go-to is the California Turkey wrap (turkey, sprouts, tomatoes, cucumber, carrots, avocado, and tahini dressing) yumm. ($9.00) \n\nThey have rooms filled with gourmet Italian groceries, a large wine/beer area, and their fresh pasta area which take out and frozen meals.  I cannot comment on these but I know they are a bit pricey.  \n\nI will continue to come here for their sandwiches and maybe venture to try their other things as well in the future.']
["I can't believe that in the three years I've been in and out of Davis Square, I'd never been to Dave's Pasta.  I can't even handle how good it is!  \n\nI love that they cut the pasta into whatever shape you want.\n\nI love the smoked tomato cream sauce.\n\nI love the mini red-velvet cupcakes, the baguettes, the juice selections!\n\nI love how cheap it is!  $16 for a complete meal for two?  Yes ma'am!"]
["Easily the best sandwiches around. I'd eat here more often if they weren't kinda pricey $9 for most of them. Cheap yes, but pricey compared to most other places. \n\nPS don't count on seating in the winter. Not much room inside."]
["I still give this place 5 stars.\n\nI recently tried the black pepper pasta. I ordered 2.6lbs (the woman said you should assume .3lbs per person). They flattened and cut the pasta right in front of me. It took only about 3-4 minutes to cook since it was so fresh. \n\nSo not only should you try the sandwiches but you should definitely try the pasta. After all it is called Dave's Fresh Pasta."]
["Dave's Fresh Pasta is a good contribution to the area, offering homemade food by them and other local businesses.  Varying from the obvious homemade pasta to locally grown produce.\n\nI have had both good and bad experiences with the staff. The staff in the wine room are very knowledgeable and were able to educate me on what wine to have with the dinner I was planning. However the counter staff at the registers have been short with me many times and one in particular just outright rude on more than one occasion.\n\nWhenever I want homemade sauce or last minute missing ingredients to a recipe I walk on over to Dave's Fresh Pasta. They aren't my first choice but I'd definitely shop there over the nation wide grocery chain store."]
["Dave's is awesome. The Italian sandwich is delicious, the vodka cream sauce is incredible, and there are always a few first dates bound to be witnessed. Lunch and a show!"]
['Love this place! Great sandwiches and fresh pasta! I lived in Italy for 4 months (sadly a long time ago) and once I came back most sauces were lackluster BUT NOT DAVES!  Another plus is that they sell wine and beer--Making it one stop shopping!']
["Delicious gourmet sandwiches. More than I'd normally pay for lunch, but not too much to keep me from going back for more. I've tried a few of their sandwiches and never been disappointed. Bread is delicious, deli meats are spot on as well. Great option in Davis Square."]
["I'm not sure if I can add anything that hasn't been mentioned in the copious number of previous glowing reviews.  Let me add a few things I didn't see mentioned in the numerous reviews I read: \n\n- They will help you pair things up together if you ask, including pairing something in the store with something you have at home.  Every single recommendation I've followed has been delicious, even when they were matching it with something I had at home that I tried to describe to them.\n\n- They try to source local, and always mark what produce, dairy, and meats/fish are local or fairly local, and usually exactly what they mean by this (e.g., is it from Somerville or Maine?).  They also typically mark which produce is certified organic.\n\n- They smoke the tomatoes for their smoked tomato cream sauce themselves.\n\n- They sell seeds and young plants in spring (mostly herbs and vegetables).  I was somewhat surprised that the tomato plant I bought from them did better in this year's wet, cold summer than the tomato plants I bought direct from growers.\n\n- They also sporadically host one-day classes and regularly hold tastings, usually of wine with other things present (e.g. cheese).  They are usually in the evening, though sometimes also on Saturdays.  The best way to find out about them is to sign up for their email newsletter."]
['Everyone else has covered the food pretty well, so I just want to help out the hypothetical person who is just looking for a place to meet work colleagues in Davis and decided to look up the highest-rated lunch place, and then showed up, got shoved into a corner by a crowd, then get lost, then got confused about where her sandwich was, then had no place to sit, and then to add insult to injury couldn\'t even find where to throw her garbage out. Not that this happened to me.\n\nFun facts for newcomers:\n\n1) This is not really a restaurant!  It\'s a grocery store with a sandwich counter.  \n2) There are a total of THREE tables!! Plus a few outside. Don\'t expect to be able to eat here if you come at a busy time.\n3) The people who work here were sooooo rude, to me at least. I was way confused about where to order sandwiches, how, when, when to pick up your food, and all the other stuff that\'s obvious at most places, and the people acted SHOCKED that I expected their help in figuring it out. They were more like random people at the train station whom you ask about which direction the train goes in rather than people who work at a sandwich counter. I asked the innocuous question, "When do I pay? When I order or when I get my food?" and the cashier just stared at me like I was the biggest dumbass on the planet. "Uh, whenever you want, I guess?" he said.  And it wasn\'t just one guy - the others had the exact same dazed, indifferent attitude when I came back.\n4) Despite the name, you can\'t order pasta to eat. There is none!\n5) Other than water and one creepy diet drink that tastes like wood, there are no drinks without sugar. So bring your own low-sugar juice or diet soda if you want it.\n6) The sandwiches are not consistent. I\'ve been there four times, ordered the same thing each time, and got something completely different each time.\n7) It gets CROOOOWDED.  I\'m talking like hipsters jammed up against the windows, sandwiches crushed, if-you-drop-something-you-won\'t-be-able-to-pick-it-up crowded.\n\nAnd yet I will continue to frequent Dave\'s, because the sandwiches are amazing. But people deserve to know about these other little quirks.']
["I'm the kind of person who will buy the store brand angel hair pasta over the name brand to save 35 cents, but for some reason I'll happily go over to Dave's and spend a lot more than the store-bought dry pasta costs.  \n\nThe raviolis are the star here - the porcini mushroom and cheese ones are both mouth-watering and even more so when combined with one of their home-made sauces.  There's always some special pastas that are only available for a limited time, many with seasonal ingredients.  \n\nMost of the time, there are also several cheeses you can sample.  The sandwich selection is huge, the beer and wine selections are small but it's obvious that some thought has been put into it.  \n\nI know what you're thinking, Yelp reader - that this reviewer seems to really dig this place.  Nothing but nice things to say about it.  Can't recommend others try it enough.  So why the mere 4-star review?  It's quite simple - Dave's is closed on Sunday, which for many of us is the preferred time to dilly-dally in a local market full of amazing foods.  It's great that Dave wants to give his employees a day off, but maybe he could hire a couple more to just work Sunday and probably do great things to the profit margin."]
["Dave's is a hidden gem in-between Davis and teele square that anyone in a 50 mile radius should come check out. I just recently discovered Dave's and I am addicted. Their sandwiches are unreal and fresh as can be. Their soups are also amazing and change every time go in. The only downside of Dave's is that you won't be able to eat sandwiches anywhere else anymore because they just won't be as good as what you can get at Dave's. Go check it out for yourself you won't regret it."]
["What can I say about Dave's?  Well, I'm kind of in love with it.  Yes it's pricey and borderline hipster obnoxious with the Goo Goo Clusters and bacon spread.  But I can overlook these things, because there's just so much to love about Dave's, like the bespectacled wine steward who's so friendly and easy going that he takes the pretentious out of sommelier, the fresh ravioli, the sandwiches, and Gus's super dry ginger ale. I could go on and on, but it's enough to say that if Dave's were to close down, I would seriously consider moving."]
["I walk by Dave's everyday, and stop in once a week and buy a new bottle of wine.\n\nAs a new wine drinker I have found myself trusting Dave's. They have a wine/beer tasting on Friday afternoons/nights and are very helpful in making sure your satisfied and you find what your looking for.  If your in the mood for something specific or just looking to try a new wine they are good at walking you through the price ranges and flavors to expect. \n\nI've also tried some of their sandwiches and pasta and have been fully satisfied everytime!"]
['I worked with Dave to schedule a private cooking class and he could not have been more helpful.  The pasta making class was wonderful, informative, and with a very tasty end product.  \n\nThe store itself is stocked with absolutely amazing food and wine of all kinds.  So far I can only speak for the marinara, fresh pasta, and a couple of the wines, but they definitely left me wanting more.']
['SO GOOOOOD.\n\nI stumbled across this little shop and into heaven.  Good wine, fresh pasta, decent deli, fun cheese section, pre-made pasta sauces, good veggies, small-town canned beets and pickles, a variety of other grocery products.\n\nThey have wine tastings and make great sandwiches.  I "stopped in" to get a bottle of wine and had trouble leaving without bags and bags of groceries.  They have products such as wild maine blueberry jam, cream sauce with nutmeg, almond pesto... it goes on and on.\n\nThe ONE downside would be the price.  Not so cheap for some cool canned/bottled/packaged items, but the produce and cheeses seemed reasonable.  Still, this is a place to spoil yourself with!']
['Had the artichoke and arugula sandwich. It was delicious. Looks like I found myself my new sandwich shop.']
['I used to mix it up and try a new sandwich every time I went  (all delicious), that was until I tried their cuban...I have not ordered anything else since!']
["Yum. Awesome fresh pasta with a great diversity of ravioli and tortellini fillings. I rarely buy pasta sauce, but Dave's is so good I don't bother making my own!\n\nNo need to go out for Italian if you just grab some pasta and sauce, great cheese and wine! \n\nOverall fun yummy place :-)"]
["I have been a fan of Dave's for a very long time. The pastas are fresh and reasonably priced and the ravioli are heavenly (spring peas and ricotta -- OM NOM NOM NOM), porcini (what a fungus!), I can go on.\n\nLately though, I was in the market for some fancy schmancy cheese and I stopped by Dave's since $26/lb for mimolette at Savenors was ridiculous.\n\nDave's did not disappoint and I acquired a lovely wedge for $10. (Their mimolette is $10/lb less). So as I was checking out, I saw these cupcakes. One was chocolate of some kind and the other red with some pink frosting. I had assumed these were raspberry, but they turned out to be red velvet with cinnamon butter cream. SOLD! So I bought 3 mini cupcakes for my friends and I to have a treat. \n\nI forgot about them and until I looked at the fridge the next day, I noticed them again. SCORE! So I tried the buttercream first (I am not an icing type person and tend to scrape it off and dive into the cake). It was sweet and buttery and the frosting equivalent cinnamon sugar. The cake was moist and sweet with a hint of chocolate flavor. What a pleasant surprise. I will be more than happy to buy more cupcakes if they are all this good. \n\nBravo Dave, Bravo!"]
["The pasta here is some of the best I've ever had (and I've been all over Italy)\n\nThe ravioli are AMAZING\n\nso fresh, delicate and the stuffing is ......................no words can describe it, haha\n\nthey change it with the seasons\nfresh peas and ricotta in the early summer weeks, pumpkin in the fall, and so many other kinds, artichoque is the one I just had tonight, and what reminded me to write a review for this amazing place\n\nthey have amazing fresh pastas and they cut them for you in the spot...you want linguini? spagetti? penne? how thick or thin? it's done right there infront of you\n\nand the homemade sauces are......incredible\n\nenough said! :D \n\nyou must go!"]
['As an alumnae of Tufts, I have to give Dave\'s Fresh 5 stars. I love their little market, their employees, their food, their free "tastes", the free peppers at the register, their wine, their pasta... I could go on and on. I have to say, I am tired of their sandwhiches. However, this is only due to the fact that I have eaten SOOOO many and the fact that I don\'t eat meat so there are fewer options. One of my favorite things about Dave\'s Fresh is their specialty nights. I have only been once, my friends got it for me as a birthday gift, but it was so fun. The wine and pasta pairings were to die for. I just wish there was more space to sit! It sounds like this will be possible in the near future... I am so excited! I don\'t live in Somerville anymore but Dave\'s is a good reason to venture back.']
["*Drool*\n\nThat was my first reaction upon entering the shop last Saturday with my amiga Casey. We had a lunch date to snap up some much-hyped sandwiches before moseying down to Davis Square to eat/people-watch al fresco.\n\nTruly, this store is a delight for all the senses. There are lots of local and imported items, including wine, chocolates, oils, cookies, seasonings, and all sorts of other Italian goodies. I noticed that the displays were arranged quite nicely, and it was easy to find what we needed. The deli, sandwich, and pasta counters are all located in separate rooms, so you can make your rounds with ease. It's a relatively small space and lots of merchandise, which can make it feel a bit crowded. Add that to the rabid Saturday lunchtime crowd hankering for sandwiches, and there's potential for pandemonium. \n\nOnto the sandwiches. I ordered the Caprese (basil, mozz, tomato, balsamic wine reduction) with prosciutto for a mere $1 more, bringing the total to $7.95. Not too shabby, in my opinion, considering that my sandwich was ginormous. Casey got the Sun-Dried Tomato Turkey and it was equally huge. After a sorta-long wait, we got our sandwiches (along with cane sugar orange &amp; black cherry sodas, yum!), we hit the square and promptly set down to nosh.\n\nI don't think I'm exaggerating when I say that that was one of the best sandwiches I've ever eaten. I should know; I've eaten a LOT of sandwiches in my day. The ingredients were seriously fresh, and the proscuitto was melt-in-your-mouth tender and saltastic. The bread was just the right texture, too. Bliss.\n\n I had to give a gray star to Dave's, though, because the sandwich counter people were less than friendly. Sure, I can understand that it was very busy and in order to handle a crowd you have to sort of slip into tunnel-vision mode, but I got sort of a surly vibe from the counter folk. I also picked up a pound of day's ravioli special: artichoke and fontina cheese. I think the pasta counter people, though obviously flustered, were a little friendlier. \n\nAt any rate, I like Dave's, and I like the idea of buying locally made and delicious pastas, cheeses, breads, etc. Their sandwiches are truly awesome and worth the possible attitude one might encounter, imo."]
['I have been coming here since it opened many, many years ago.  They have such a fantastic commitment to quality.  And really great flavors.  The marinara sauce is a little sweet, my only complaint.  I love the place, all told.']
["Dave, you have been a savior to me when I don't have groceries at home. \n\nI have one question for you Mr. Fresh Pasta, if I ask real nice like, could you stay open later? I'll give you an extra star... \n\nOther than my misfortune of always getting here at the wrong time I friggin love this place. (1) They give out free hot peppers at the counter... badass, (2) they have a pretty bangin wine selection and (3) I wanted to make a pizza one night and was able to get a whole wheat dough, sauce, cheese and a crazy ass meat-pepperoni stick thing for like $14bones... That makes me and my pizza wallet very happy.\n\nFor now I've only visited you twice but when I go next time i'll pick up a snagwich, or mayhaps some precooked something'r'other and refine my star rating. \n\nUntil we meet again..."]
["Really awesome gourmet cheese selection. Perfect for your next wine and cheese party! I was able to fond everything I needed without going anywhere else.  I've never actually bought their pasta but I always know I'm in for a high quality foodie treat when I stop by Dave's."]
['Stop reading this review immediately and head to their website to reserve a spot at the next available after hours tasting, RIGHT NOW.  Recently went to a spring wine arrivals after hours tasting.  Tastings take place in the store in the wine area.  There are multiple dishes of food paired with each wine.  There were mini fresh mozz, pesto panini, filo wrapped asparagus, fresh tomato basil pasta with shrimp and BBQ pork ribs...RIBS!  The pours were limitless, the food was non-stop delicious- all this for $40.  So stop reading and reserve a spot! Each tasting is a little different, so read the descriptions and pick one.  Highly recommend for a small group of friends outing or a date night.  This is truly one of the best values in Somerville.  Oh and they encourage you to shop after the tasting by offering 10% off EVERYTHING, so you are drunkenly buying fresh pasta, sauces, cheeses....pure genius.']
["Why have I not been here before?  This place is the most unbelievable deli, serving up hot fresh sandwiches with skill and love.  And the cheese counter (!) is amazing, with a wide variety of exotic fromagery. And the meat counter in the back is good if you're into that kind of thing.  And the wine cellar off to the side! And the cold case and mini-market with fresh organic veggies!  \n\nNotice that none of these things are pasta!  That's what took me so long to go here: when I want fresh pasta I make it myself.  Now that I've seen through the disguise, however, look out.  The sandwich I had here was epic, unbelievably delicious, majestic, and worth every bit of the $8 I forked over for it.  It really was two identical delicious sandwiches wrapped together.\nI did have to wait a good ten minutes for it, but I didn't mind because they had some amazing cheese samples out, and there was some bread and a little tapenade and... heck they can take as long as they want.\nAnd saving the best for the last... next to the cash register is a bowl of pickled cherry hot peppers. Complimentary, even.  I'm in love.  Someday I may even buy pasta from them..."]
["I must start by saying their name is rather misleading. While they do have some great fresh pasta, that is only a tiny smidgen of the amazing variety of delicious foods available at this amazing store.\nFresh ravioli, with oft-changing specials? Done.\nCheeses of many varieties, soft and hard, local and exotic? Of course.\nMeats? Yup.\nFish? You betcha.\nGreat sandwiches made right there? Delicious.\nMy goodness this store is amazing!\n\nBUT WAIT - I've still only described half of Dave's stock. It turns out someone over there really loves their liqour, cause they've got a huge selection of wines, beers, and liquors.  Falernum, vermouths (including carpano antica), I even picked up my rose flower water and orange blossom water here.\n\nI've come to the conclusion that if it's delicious, they've got it.  Thank goodness I live nearby, but I think it'd still be worth the trip to Davis if I didn't."]
['Pros: \nI got a "steak &amp; bleu" sandwich, and my friend got an Italian. Both of us were very happy with our food. The counter help at the sandwich counter were very helpful and polite. \n\nThe sandwich selection is varied, and it seemed like substitutions were allowed.\n\nIt\'s definitely a great gourmet yuppie-type store, with wine, cheese, and fancy cold cuts abound.\n\n\nCons:\nIt\'s very cramped and the yuppie atmosphere is kind of intimidating to newcomers like me (i.e., normal people who eat normal sandwiches). It\'s almost like you have to know exactly what you want before you even walk in there because the moment you step inside, you\'re already in line, reading an overwhelming list of available meals - think Cafe Nervosa in the TV show \'Frasier\'.\n\nThe employees at the deli counter were boneheads. I asked which counter I was supposed to pay at, and they just looked at me like either I  or they were retarded.\n\n\nAll in all, the food was great, it\'s just the cramped interior that made it a slightly difficult ordering/shopping experience.']
["For someone like me who has been married to an excellent cook for more than 25 years and now must maintain a lonely work-week vigil in North Cambridge, Dave's is a major save.\n\nAmazing ravioli's and other terrific prepared food allows me to pretend that I'm making myself a decent dinner, when all I'm really doing is boiling the ravioli.\n\nOf course, nothing beats my wife's cooking (as well as her company), but Dave's makes me a little less homesick."]
["well I finally know what all the fuss is about, and I haven't even tried the pasta!!\n\nMy gf and I feasted on some BIG sandwiches before partaking in the heavy New Year's Eve drinking. As a self-proclaimed Sandiwich Lover, i can say in good faith, that the Turkey and Cheddar Sandwich, and the Chicken with home made boursin Sandwich are among the best sandwiches i've ever put my big mouth around. And for real, you need a BIG mouth for these things... they're the kind you need to squeeze with two hands and open your mouth as wide as it can open to take a bite. Don't even attempt to hold these sandwiches with one hand, you'll have yourself a sandwich disaster. \n\nI ate half of each, but honestly, half of one would have filled me up just fine. I just couldn't stop though. I can't wait to go back and try some pasta some day.  I'll also add that the service was just wonderful!"]
["Best. Ravioli. Ever! \n\nThis place is the one-stop-shop to get everything you need for a semi-homemade italian dinner you are hosting.  Allow yourself time when you make this adventure; because you will undoubtedly spend more time than you anticipated in your battle with choosing between the sweet pea and ricotta ravioli or pumpkin w/smoked mozzarella ravioli, or lemon basil pasta vs the garlic herb pasta. And lets not forget the fresh sauces, you have your choice of fresh homemade sauces; 8 different red, 8 different cream, 5 different pesto ( they have an artichoke and lemon flavored, also a sundried tomato pesto!) \nAnd its good stuff.  Freshly made everyday.  \n\nAnd to provide starters for your semi-homemade (i'm echo-ing Sandra Lee, I know)  dinner party, grab a few of the extensive selection of  gourmet cheeses and meats for antipasti.  They have all kinds of tapenades and oils, marinated olives, peppers and artichokes, and a selection of fresh, crusty breads to accompany.  \n\nAnd whats an italian dinner party without some vino? Dave's Fresh Pasta has you covered.  They have a great selection of imported and domestic wines ( and yes, beers too) ...and not just italian, they have their share of rioja and bordeaux as well.  Mid -range prices, you can get most bottles for around $15. \n\nI heart this place.  You must make this your food-shop stop when you are having people over.  It does beat your weak attempt at chicken parm.  And its right next to the Davis Square T stop.  And get one of their delicious sandwiches while you're shopping, so you don't gobble down the ravioli sample tray by the pasta kitchen."]
['The plan was to have a quick dinner then catch "This is it" once my cousin came back from the West Coast. So we thought making dinner and having it ready for when she arrived would be perfect.\n\nThe shop is pretty much broken up into three sections. A Pasta Shop, a Deli/Grocery Story, and a wine shop. It was our one stop shop to a fantastic dinner. We first entered the pasta shop to pick up some Ravioli\'s. We picked up two sauces: Arugula Roasted Almond Pesto and a vodka creme sauce. A half a pound each of the lobster ravioli, the sweet potato ravioli, and the mushroom ravioli. \n\nWe then moved our way to the grocery/sandwich shop where we picked up some bread, salad, lemons... pretty much all the fixings for a nice salad. \n\nOur last stop was the wine shop. There a man was there offering tastings of a really good pinot. SOLD.. and we also got another.. \n\nOverall this FANTASTIC meal cost about $20/person w/ the two bottles of wine. Guys, if you want to impress your Girl take a trip to Dave\'s Fresh Pasta and make a meal. She will definitely be impressed.']
['Dave\'s Fresh Pasta could easily be renamed "Dave has Many Things You Want to Eat and Drink. Seriously, He Really Does."\n\nSeriously, I want to eat or drink basically everything in there: Delicious sandwiches, local produce, fresh bread, cool beers and wines, cocktailicious supplies like vermouths and falernum, deli meats, cheeses, cool soft drinks, specialty groceries.. the list goes on. Even better, the prices aren\'t much worse than you\'d pay at a supermarket, with produce priced just a bit more -- and given the emphasis on local stuff, I\'d say that\'s a price premium well spent.\n\nEvery time I\'m in there it\'s a struggle not to walk out with a huge bag of tasty items I absolutely don\'t need but would love to consume. Mmmm...\n\nThe only downside I can think of is that around lunchtime it can get pretty packed -- but that\'s the price you have to pay for eating/drinking/shopping somewhere filled with such great stuff.']
["The number one reason why I miss Davis Square!!! I used to walk home from work when living here and made it a weekly stop. I recently visited a few weeks ago and loved that they expanded the store. The pasta is amazing, the homemade hummus is to-die-for, and their spinach &amp; brie salad...ahhhh! My mouth is watering and I may just have to make a trip to Davis Square in the near future. \n\nThe one drawback, as another customer noted, is the lack of seating. In the summer it's wonderful because they put tables and chairs outside. Just a bit more difficult in the winter. Regardless, this place is a true gem!"]
['a perfect little market in a great little area.  this place has the most delicious fresh pasta around...and they have great seasonal flavors (especially the ravioli flavors).  they have a really nice selection of beer, wine, and sauces also to accompany their amazing pastas.  definitely worth a stop if youre in the area.']
["The best sandwiches in America, hands down. Gourmet, fresh, and unbelievably delicious. You can't go wrong with these grilled masterpieces. I suggest the Chicken #2"]
["This place is FANTASTIC.  I have never had a bad experience here.  They have excellent panini sandwiches (the caprese is my favorite)--I stop in for lunch whenever I get the chance--and they have a nice little deli, and sell a lot of local foods too.  There is usually a line during lunch and dinnertime-rushes, but you can usually take a walk around and the shop and try the many free samples they have out.  There's not a lot of seating, but in the summer they put tables outside so there's a little more room. \n\nThings to note:  They are not open on Sundays (something I have forgotten on more than one occasion) and they stop making sandwiches an hour before closing."]
["Being Italian makes it a pre-requisite that I love pasta. My first experience at Dave's was like dying and going to pasta heaven. With pasta's to left of me and pasta's to the right of me, the choice was tough. The choices of both pasta's and sauces were incredible. I chose the mushroom ravioli and the cracked black pepper parapadella. I also picked up some gorgonzola sauce as well as some red sauce. All were delicious. Besides pasta, they have a nice selection of cheese, meats, and wines. The sandwich shop they have tops it all off. If pasta ranks highly on your list of foods (even if it doesnt), swing by Dave's for a great experience."]
["I absolutely adore Dave's Fresh Pasta.  I live a block away and can always find an excuse to pop in, whether to grab a quick snack (read: sample), a bottle of wine, some pasta or ravioli.  \n\nEven before Dave's expanded (which was I was thrilled about) I still loved to walk in, sample the bread, spreads and olive oils they always had on hand and look at all the different sauces, pastas and raviolis they had to enjoy.  \n\nMy first foray with Dave's ravioli was the spinach ravioli, which I am disheartened to have to write that it didn't absolutely wow me, but it was enjoyable.  I actually found it a tad tasteless.  My second foray with Dave's ravioli was when I was sick one evening, and a friend offered to bring me dinner.  I requested nothing with cheese or meat, and he showed up with Dave's vegetable, no cheese, ravioli!  I was thrilled that Dave's would be so thoughtful (as well as my friend).  It was perfect with some salt, pepper and olive oil.  Nothing else was needed.  If tomato sauce is your thing Dave's also has a great variety, meat and no meat. \n\nI can always find a bottle of wine I enjoy at Dave's, though from what I hear from more experienced wine drinkers their selection does leave a bit to be desired.  However, to come to Dave's defense, it is a small space and I'm always able to find a trusty sauvignon blanc to serve my needs.  \n\nTheir produce section is small and overpriced, but it's all locally grown produce, which in my opinion is often worth the extra price. Definitely not a place to do a big produce shopping, but if you need to pick up something you forgot (an onion, some greens) it will do you right.  \n\nI have found the staff to often be a little brusque with me, but I ignore it. Customer's always right, right?\n\nOne thing that I love about Dave's is the free hot peppers they have by the register!  They are simply delicious and I love eating them on my short walk home.   \n\nI love Dave's and would be lost in Davis without."]
['First time I had "wet" pasta.  \n\nPumpkin ravioli was awesome.  No creamy sauce needed.  The pumpkin was SO fresh. \n\nI think i also had fresh basil or terragon.  It was very very good.  It\'s been hard to go back to box pasta.  Then again, perhaps more incentive to go Paleo and enjoy Dave\'s Fresh Pasta in small doses.....']
["I just happened upon Dave's and had an amazing grilled artichoke mozzarella arugula portabello sandwich. So good. Apart from making fresh sandwiches and salads, they also have hot food and other specialty snacks, a huge selection of cheeses, olives, pasta sauces, and of course fresh pastas cut-to order. This place is great! It can be dangerous if you go there hungry."]
['I love this place. In college, we came here to when we had to "cook" for our parents or a particularly hot date. It was a pasta place, and not much else. Now, they have sandwiches. When I say sandwiches, i mean little orgasims wrapped in wax paper. \n\nEverything is made well, with VERY generous proportions and fresh ingredients. They have your everyday combinations and some combos I wouldn\'t think of putting together. Skip the tomato and mozzarella and go for the special. They are always good.\n\nIn addition to the fresh pasta, they sell sauces, deli dishes (breaded chicken, roasted veggies, stuffed pasta dishes, etc), frozen meals (lasagnas, eggplant parms, etc) and cooking helpers like fresh chicken stock. They also have a very small selection of imported dried and canned foods. Oh, don\'t forget the fresh breads and cheeses (the cheeses.... mmmmm). \n\nIf you are in the area, even if you are not hungry, stop in and take a peak. It\'s worth checking out and storing away in your memory for that day when you NEED a cuban sandwich, want to make risotto and Stop and Shop lets you down, or are having a frenemy over for dinner and want to rub "your" culinary expertise in her face.']
["I have never, ever been disappointed at Dave's. I don't eat meat so it's difficult to find sandwiches that qualify as AMAZING- but I have a few favorites at Dave's- most notably their brown rice/lentil wrap and the grilled veggie (the eggplant on that sandwich is oh so creamy, it's addictive). Their pasta is good too, of course, but there's actually a better place for fresh pasta about 10 minutes away in Medford (Bella Ravioli). Does not diminish the wonderfulness that is Dave's, though!! 5++ stars."]
["I was torn as to whether to give Dave's four or five stars, but decided to go with the holistic review and give four.  Here's the breakdown:\n\nRavioli -- five stars, the highlight of their fresh pasta.  Unique flavors, reasonably priced, and oh-so-delicious.  This is a way into my heart.\n\nRegular pasta (ie, the kind you tell them how you want it cut) -- four stars.  Very good, but doesn't blow my mind like the ravioli does (or the fusilli from basta pasta).\n\nSauces -- depending on the sauce, three or four stars.  I've been generally underwhelmed by Dave's sauces.  They're okay and convenient, but nothing special.  I usually prefer to use my own homemade sauce.\n\nSandwiches - five stars.\n\nI haven't been back since the expansion, so can't comment on the newly done wine/beer/fresh fish section."]
["Holy cubano! If there's a better one out there, I don't want to know. Enough said.\n\nOkay fine, I'll say a bit more. The pasta is indeed fresh (you're not going to do better at home), but the sauces fall a bit short (make your own). But please, do not pass up on the cubano sandwich. And I don't even like pork. Or swiss cheese. Or pickles."]
["This place makes me want to open a store and quit my corporate life. It has everything you could ever want! Good food, great pasta selection, cute seating area, friendly and quick service... Have I said enough? If you haven't been, please go!"]
['This is the only place I will get wine. It has an amazing selection and the people are super helpful. The sandwiches are very high quality and have a lot of meat. They have the best chocolate chip cookies. The fresh pasta is awesome and their deli selections and sauces are delicious. Also the beer selection is extensive. Try to skip the lunch time rush.']
["This place is awesome.  I don't think I can add much to all these other wonderful reviews.  It was pretty busy there in the 5-6 post work rush, but they were still really helpful and I got in and out pretty quick once I was able to decide what to get.  The only thing that I noticed that was a shame was that all but one of the yummy bread choices for the sandwiches was out....so not much of a selection on that front.\n\nYum cheese.\nYum pasta\nYum treats.\nChocolate w/ Bacon."]
["Best Sandwich place in Davis Square, bar none.  \n\n5 Stars on this basis alone and I have never tried the Pasta - although I have perused the free tasting nibbles they put out at lunchtime.  Good cheese selection (and cheaper than Whole Foods).  Interesting wine, but the Sandwiches are just da bom - especially the Flank.\n\nCall ahead &amp; order one of the daily specials if you don't want to wait btw."]
["love the sandwiches, the pasta, the sauce and the staff.  worth going to somerville for this place!  DO IT!  and check out the coupons on the website.  they vary but often can save you a few bucks (or persuade you to buy something you weren't planning to buy but won't regret) :)"]
["Dave's serves the best sandwiches in the Davis Square area -- and they have fresh pasta (as their name says)! The latter is a little bit in the pricier segment, but don't let that stop you from indulging every now and then - it's absolutely worth it. Their wine selection is outstanding, and they have a few food items that I have been looking for quite some time in the area!"]
["Ode to Dave's:\n\nYour sandwiches.. panini, wrap, or plan ol' sliced bread\nYour fresh veggies, scrumptious cheeses \nAnd for the carnivores, I'm sure the meat (dead animal flesh though it may be) is just as praise worthy.\n\nYour breads make my mouth water,\nBut your wine selection pushes me towards less innocent beverages.\nAnd with an amazing wine buyer, I'm never left stranded with an average chardonnay or chianti. They just wouldn't allow it.\n\nThe prepared foods could trick anyone who'd never tasted food made fresh by their Nonna (except my Nonna did not have the stellar local ingredients and adventurous spirit to flee from the Italian norms), and the pastas will make you toss out the barilla boxes in the pantry...if the economy returns, that is.\n\nThe downfall of Dave's would be the price, but it is well worth the investment for a tasty, dinner-sized sandwich, great bottle of vino, local cheese or nifty new ravioli to serve your guests and fake ownership of the recipe. Also, don't miss the italian imported groceries if you're a home cook and want to attempt to duplicate Dave's magic."]
['I really love this place... except for the fact that they close too early! So many nights on my way home from work I wish I could stop in here to pick up some wine, salad, and fresh pasta - but alas.. they are already closed!! Why!? Please stay open to 8- I swear people will come in!\n\nAnyway, the salads, sandwiches and pasta here are delicious. They make all kinds of great pastas/sauces that are already packaged up and ready to take home. The spinach and brie salad is sooo good. \n\nAND they have some tasty wines to compliment the rest of your meal FTW!']
['I am obsessed with this place,ALL sandwiches are amazing &amp; the pasta is sooo good! They so many options and its a cute little store with different cheeses,sauces and wine!']
["Awesome pasta making class!  My first trip to Dave's will not be the last...class was an absolute blast! Chef Jason was extremely knowledgeable, laid back/ entertaining, and made me realize how easy it is to make quality pasta in your own kitchen. Learned how to make fettuccine, ravioli, gnocchi, etc., then was able to eat our fabulous creations with wonderful quick sauces and complimentary wine.  Absolutely worth the price of the class.  Can't wait to come back and try everything else that people rave about..."]
['You must try the maple walnut cookies , probably the best cookie I have ever had, no exaggeration! We also got the Ruben and it was perfection, the bread sail crispy after a 20 min car ride! Truly impressive!']
['I really, really, REALLY want to like Dave\'s fresh pasta. They have butternut squash ravioli, and if you know me, you know that I\'ll eat pretty much anything affiliated with butternut squash. They sell beer and wine in the same place you can buy your food, which to a non-Massachusetts-er like me, is like coming home.\n\nBut they\'re rude. And disinterested. The way I see it, a local establishment who\'s business is booming could be cheerful and thankful and try to get to know the locals. OR, they can be surly, unpleasant, ignore you when you clearly need help, and throw your sandwich at you when its ready. \n\nThe pasta? Super tasty with great variety\nThe sandwiches? I always get the grilled chicken with boursin and it melts in my mouth\nThe salads? Stupid. Not good. Whatever.\nThe groceries and specialty foods? Kind of cool but SO expensive\nThe wine? A good selection but you have to beg for a recommendation and then be met with "Well what\'s \'cheap\' to you?"\nThe beer? What they\'ve got is good, but there\'s not a huge variety\n\nYou\'re a local place. ACT LIKE IT. Be nice to your customers. Get to know them. To be honest, the most pleasant experience I had in Dave\'s pasta was when I bumped into the Barista I see at Starbucks every morning and we introduced ourselves.']
["The main thing I don't like about this place is that my clothes end up smelling like panini for the rest of the day if I'm in the store for more than 5 minutes."]
["First off, I'd like to let everyone know that although this place is called Dave's Fresh Pasta, only a tiny portion of it is devoted to pasta! They only sell pasta for you to cook for yourself at home, which was an unpleasant surprise for me and a friend who went there hoping for a tasty pasta dinner! The only food they make in-house is sandwiches, and very pricey sandwiches, at that. My grilled cheese was somewhere around $10. For a grilled cheese! Yes, it was tasty. $10 worth? Not really.\n\nThe great thing about this place is that it's basically like a little market with fresh and often imported ingredients. They have a wine section, a cheese section, a deli, and the famous pasta counter. If I had known that in advance, I might have tempered my expectations better and not been so disappointed.\n\nIn any case, I bought some cheese ravioli to make at home, and just wasn't really that impressed with it, to be honest. The price for enough ravioli to feed two people was good, but it wasn't really worth going out of my way for again."]
['Love their pasta. I bough some fresh uncooked linguine here and cooked it at home, and it was *exactly* like my grandmother used to make. Their sauce is a little on the plain side, so be prepared to add some romano cheese to it.']
["So, 5 stars should be reserved for absolute perfection.  I mean there are hundreds of other reviews here.  But really -- just go.  Order a sandwich (anything).  It will be one the best you've ever had.  They also are a specialty store w/ cold cuts, wine, cheese, and homemade pasta.  What's not to love."]
["ive only ever eaten the pasta here. it's good- not as good as my grandmothers home- made recipe, but hits the spot nonetheless.   the price is also pretty reasonable.\n\ni would say that the people who work behind the counter could take a few pointers on how to provide good customer service. i bet dave himself is awesome but i would definitely say that the others leave much to be desired."]
["YUM!  I can't believe it took me two years of living in Somerville before discovering this place.  The subs are fantastic!!  The ingredients are so fresh and the breads choices are phenomenal.  I would reccomend the caprese, which is what I have gotten every time because I can't bring myself to switch it up.  The fresh pasta and ravioli are also amazing.  I have had a few dinner parties recently and have gone with the different ravioli/pasta options.  You cannot go wrong - It's so easy and quick to prepare and everyone loves it!\n\nAlso, they have free samples in every room.  How can you not love free samples?  I swing by every station tasting the olive oils, cheeses, breads, and even brownies.  \n\nThey do sell produce but I feel like it's a little overpriced so unless I'm in a jam I'll usually just wait to go to a larger grocery store. \n\nMy only complaint is that they stop making sandwiches at 7pm, which I found out the hard way last week.  I'm sure they would still have a huge interest if they extended that to 8pm."]
["Gosh, I'll tell ya, we wanted to buy everything here! My wife's cousin's family live in the neighborhood, and she treated us to a tour of the square. The highlight was Dave's pasta. The reviews are correct here, it is more than just a pasta shop, it's a super duper pasta shop!\n\nWe brought some ravioli and some linguini home and the wife cooked them up. We both ate them up, the baby loved it too, and now we're dreaming of more."]
['I so badly want to give Dave\'s a 5 star review BUT 2 things are holding me back. \n\n1: It\'s been mentioned in many reviews but I have to say that the prices are a bit high. As good as the food is, I think $9ish dollars for a sandwich is a bit much. \n2: My boyfriend and I sat outside to eat our lunch. An employee poked his head out of one of the "Employee Only" service doors to look around. The door is glass and when he shut the door he just stood there staring at me (and other people at the tables outside) eat... Weird. And then.... get ready... he started picking his nose. And when I say picking I mean he really started going at it, checking out the results and everything. And he was working in the kitchen so I shudder to think about the food that he touched. Honestly I would normally subtract like 3 stars just because of that but... the sandwiches were SO FRICKING GOOD!!! \n\nMy boyfriend and I split the Italian on focaccia and the Sicilian on focaccia. I\'m drooling right now just thinking about it. The Sicilian had pesto on it which was amazing. The mozzarella was so fresh and delicious it actually stuck out among all the different things on the sandwich. The roasted red peppers and caramelized onions added so much flavor. We got the sandwiches grilled (definitely a must) so the cheese was melted and everything was just the right amount of warm. We also split a caesar salad and I was SO impressed by the lettuce. Every single piece of lettuce was so green, none of that white crap from the bottom of the lettuce head. I know it\'s a weird thing to mention but it\'s just so unusual for a place to not throw in everything from the piece of lettuce. The caesar dressing was OK, maybe I would try another dressing next time though. We got a blackberry soda (for $2) which was refreshing and a nice change. I checked out the fresh veggies in the grocery store area and they looked super overpriced and not the best quality (although I think all organic). I wouldn\'t do any grocery shopping here but I\'m probably going to try some of their pasta- SO many different types or ravioli!']
["I agree with all of the other 4-5 star ratings on here. On a different note: Dave's is also an outstanding caterer. I use Dave's for a variety of events as I work nearby and they're always on time and have yet to disappoint."]
["I like all the grocery offerings. One of the only stores around Davis I could find who sold crme fraiche. The sandwich I got here a while ago--the chicken pesto I believe--was good but had a lot of mayo on it which wasn't on the menu. It was still tasty but I wouldn't say it was worth the $9 price tag. Maybe in the future I might opt for some of the take-home, prepared dishes."]
["I just can't get enough of Dave's.  The selection of hot sauce alone (seriously, it has it's own wall) would keep me coming back.  The homemade pasta and fact that they stock kombucha (only place around that does) are also pretty good reasons.\n\nThe only issue I have with this place is that it stocks bottled water.  For a shop that prides itself on offering such quality local, sustainably-made products, I'm surprised that this one slipped under the radar.  It's pretty well-known that bottled water is often just filtered tap water, and the amount of plastic waste is outrageous for something that you could just as easily get, for free, out of the tap.  \n\nI'm sure Dave's a smart guy--he runs a pretty successful business, and they seem pretty conscious about most of the purchasing--so I'm sure he's thought of this.  The question is: why keep selling it?  \n\nUnrelated note: I want to marry whoever made my sandwich the last time I was in there.  Not sure which of the tall men it was (there seem to be a number who work there), and not sure what they did to make it so delicious, but damn, I want you to bring me breakfast in bed."]
["Dave's has some of my favorite sandwiches around, and grilled to boot!  It's hard to rival the Sicilian, Cuban, or the Prosciutto (not to mention the other sandwiches on the menu) but everything has always been fresh and great quality.  The sandwiches are a tad on the expensive side but I don't mind that at all!\n\nAdd to that the fresh ravioli and pasta (any way you like it), the cheese, wine, and sauces, and you've got yourself an awesome eatery.  Dave's used to also have a small sidewalk BBQ but that was sadly closed down due to complaints from some of the neighbors (I hope they open back up though!)\n\nI've since moved out of the area but always try to make it back at least once to twice a month to pick up some pasta and to chow down on a freshly toasted sandwich.\n\nIf only I could convince them to open up another store!"]
["Since the expansion, things have gotten much better here.  The service is better and quick as hell.  They still fuck my sandwiches up every other order but the hostility about having to fix it has been turned down a few notches.\n\nThe addition of locally grown and made vegetables, ice cream, baked goods, plus a small selection of gourmet groceries, has made Dave's a great stop for last minute dinner needs."]
["After being told numerous times that I need to check this place out, I finally made my way thru a congested Davis Sq after work last night for some dinner ingredients. God, was it worth it! I purchased some butternut squash raviolis and topped them with smoked tomato cream sauce.....sofriggindelicious. I can't wait to try their other pastas. I don't think I can ever eat boxed pasta ever again."]
["Sandwiches are the best in the area, if you have a better place for sandwiches, please let me know. My mouth is watering just thinking about Dave's sandwiches."]
['Since adding the new expansion I have decided that this is what a market/beer and wine/pasta shop/deli should be.  They have all the basics covered, but that being said only the best basics are provided with fresh herbs, quality cheeses, and did I mention that they have Vosges chocolate bars (for less than Whole Foods sells them for).  They know good food, and they give it to you without any frilly doily or fancy name.  I love stopping by here and getting everything I need for a dinner with friends, knowing that I am supporting an awesome local business, and knowing that it will taste amazing.  \n\nSomeday I dream of waking up with Daves as my corner store market, I would stop by every day.  \n\nAlso thanks for the free cherry peppers by the deli counter.  Makes my day every time!']
["I love DFP!\n\nThe sandwiches are excellent, but I usually go for fresh pasta to make at home. We have had many of the ravioli (mushroom, lemon artichoke, lobster, sausage) and have always really enjoyed them, especially paired with one of their great sauces. The marinara is incredible.  I also enjoy having pasta cut - it's fun to watch it go through the machine and it completely transforms whatever you were going to eat with dried pasta into a company-worthy dish.  \n\nThe other thing I really like is their catering. I have had trays of eggplant parmesan (TDF) and a couple other dishes for parties etc. I think the prices are very reasonable for the quality and quantity of food. One of the best deals they have are the huge calzones -- large enough as an appetizer for 10 people. The wild mushroom is my favorite, but they are all lovely.\n\nAlso - samples. yum."]
["This place makes a very serious sandwich.\n\nI mean, I think I nearly broke my jaw on the grilled Italian sandiwch with pesto.  It was everything a big meaty sandwich should be.  Dense, dripping, savory based on good bread.\n\nI didn't have a chance to try the pastas but they looked great.\n\nThey also have a small but very good wine selection."]
["I could eat these sandwiches every day of the week.  Although I've tried most combinations - my new favorite is the Spicy Turkey.  They're not your standard sandwiches - there is something special about these.\n\nWhile you wait, look around their new expanded store and wine shop - it has a GREAT selection.\n\nI love Dave's!"]
["I have lived in Davis for almost a year and just discovered this place as it is a little outside the square in a direction I almost never go.  But...iT IS AMAZING!!!!  I wish I didn't waste all these months not eating this delicious food.  I have never gotten the pasta there, but I can vouch for the sandwiches.  \n\nMy usual choice is the steak and blue, with sliced steak, sharp blue cheese, caramelized onions, and arugula.  It is delish.  Whatever sandwich you decide to order, take my advice and get it on the French Baguette.  You will thank me, it is so crunchy, dense, and chewy, mmm, my mouth is watering!  \n\nLittle pricey, but whatever, this food is high quality."]
["I'd just like to add one thing: \n\nThe eggplant red sauce is THE best pasta sauce I have ever had. Absolutely fantastic, with big chunks of sweet eggplant. Buy some focaccia and dip away."]
["I have moved to Quincy recently and this is one reason that I am sad to leave Davis Square.\n\nDave's has an unbelievably good menu of various pasta, prepared dishes, sauces and sandwiches.  This past spring the business expanded to include lots of Italian import items and a small produce section housing locally grown fruits and veggies.  Mmm.  I have had the lemon basil ravioli (great with a cream sauce), and lots of ravioli filled with various delicious cheeses.  The lobster ravioli is pretty good, too, and I say this after spending four years living in Maine.  Since their expansion they can provide a one-stop shopping trip to complete a great meal, topped off with a decent wine selection.   It can be sometimes difficult shopping for one, but the staff are good about approximating serving sizes, which is nice.  I would also recommend their Cuban sandwich- similar to a Reuben, but with pickles and much spicier.  Highly recommend a visit here!"]
["Nothing better than a quick stop at Dave's Fresh Pasta after a long stressful day at work on the way back home. They always have some amazing, freshly prepared food (not only pasta dishes) ready to go, at great prices. I love to cook dinner but on those evenings when I'm too tired to be bothered, this is my go-to place. \n\nA while ago I took the pasta making class with Dave himself and had a blast. He teaches you how to make fettucine, angel hair, ravioli and tortellini from scratch, and then cooks it for everyone to share. A few minutes later bottles of wine and pieces of delicious parmeggiano and pecorino appear, and all of a sudden you feel like you're hanging out at the kitchen of your best friend's house."]
["I've walked past Dave's probably on a daily basis since I moved to Arlington and never gone inside till now. I guess I always supposed it was just another one of those small Italian sub/pizza places that line the streets of Arlington and Somerville. How I regret my assumption now. I could have had delicious fresh pasta months ago if I'd just wandered in for a look.\n\nI'm a fresh pasta newbie, so this is pretty much the first fresh pasta I've ever bought to prepare at home. It's definitely scrumptious. You can choose from different cuts (thin angel hair to thick fettucini) and many awesome flavors, as well as ravioli with different stuffings. I chose to buy a pound of spinach, cut into linguini, and it was only $4....which I don't know about you, but $4 for fresh, yummy, custom cut pasta seems to me like a steal. (Their ravioli is a bit more expensive.) The pasta cooks up very lovely and chewy. You can get sauces if you want as well, but I just got the pasta.\n\nThey sell a lot of other things besides pasta in Dave's...a whole fridge full of cheeses, a wall of wines, olive oils, nuts....a lot of Mediterranean-type foods. I bought a jar of fig preserves to try. Most of the preserves/jellies/jarred foods along the front counter are not Dave's products (trucked in from elsewhere) but it looked like they are still all made or imported by small shops, which is a plus.\n\nOh yeah, and they also sell giant blocks of chocolate!!"]
['Great place - it has expanded twice in the Davis Square location.\nUse to be in my neighborhood and made great meals. I have to travel\nnow , not far to get there, but it is definitely worth it !!!']
["Cubano - Absolutely kiyo's fav, making him bigger"]
['Update:  I have slowly but surely been spending a good chunk of my paycheck at Dave\'s!  Everything I\'ve had has been fantastic.  I followed some reviewers\' advice and got the pepper pasta and spinach pasta and had them mixed together.  So delicious.  The pepper pasta had the most amazing kick.  I also got some breaded cutlets and garlic broccoli and mixed them all together with the pasta and a homemade  garlic and olive oil sauce.  Yum.\n\nI also had my first sandwich here, the smoked ham sandwich on focaccia.  It blew my mind.  It was HUGE, enough for two.  And the smoked mozerella and the smoked tomato mayo made me swoon.  I brought the second half to work the next day.  As I was eating lunch with a friend and I was down to my last couple bites, all I could say was, "I don\'t want it to end."   I have never been so sad in a very long time!  All for the love of a sandwich!\n\nSo now I want to try more sandwiches!\n\n-----------------\n\nI have no idea what took me so long to check out Dave\'s.  I went for the first time this week and got some whole wheat angel hair pasta along with smoked tomato cream sauce.  Both were absolutely delicious, and the guy who cut my pasta was very helpful in telling me how long to boil it.  \n\nI also got a big fat slice of eggplant parm and I\'m  shocked and amazed at how delicious it is.  I have never had eggplant that tastes this good in my life.  So Dave\'s is officially inducted into my \'one perfect dish\' list for this parm, which is sort of more like a lasagna, but whatever.\n\nMy mom got some steak that she said was amazing, along with olives, fresh mozzerella and spicy peanut noodles.  \n\nI am concocting a master plan to go back and try every single thing they sell.  I may get fat and poor, but this food seems worth the effort.']
["I give it only four stars because I haven't tried too much yet. I'm sure I'll add the fifth at some point.\n\nI've tried the fresh angel hair, tortellini and ravioli and they've all been absolutely delicious. We recently picked up some of the red meat sauce to try and I didn't like it so much- too many chunks for my taste (and besides, I make my own red meat sauce). The alfredo is tasty but a bit garlic-y. We've had the lemon basil pasta with lemon parmesean cream sauce- a suggestion from w girl who works there and she was right on the nose- YUM. The fiance and I like picking up something from Dave's almost once a week or every other week if we can. I've had deli meat that's good and hopefully we'll branch out soon. There's so much to try!\n\nI like the option of buying the fresh pasta frozen. You can sometimes find it marked down in the freezer, too!"]
["I can't walk into Dave's without buying something..or everything. The smell of the place is overpowering.  Pick up some fresh ravioli and sauce to take home. The mushroom ravioli and the spicy arrabiata sauce are perfection.  Their sandwiches are out of this world, but too huge for one person. Make sure to share, or you'll have some left for dinner (or tomorrow's lunch!).  The Fig and Prosciutto is really really rich.  The Smoky'Spicy Turkey is better grilled-so ask them to do that.  The Roasted Veggie-Goat is also a great pick.  I don't think you can really go wrong here.  There's some great (albeit expensive) local produce in the store as well as wines and desserts.   I wish I lived closer, but it's worth a trip on the red line out here."]
["I love having this place around the corner from me.  I'm a beginner cook, and their staff is super helpful with recipes and portions of pasta I should buy. They know their stuff here. I've taken a pasta sauce class with Dave as well, and I walked away with about a dozen great sauce recipes that are easy and I now use constantly. \n\nDave's also has a wide array of cheeses and wines that I'm loving. And being new to this whole cooking thing, it is great that they have little signs that tell me good wine and cheese pairings. \n\nThe only down side of the place was its size, it got a little cramped in some areas of the store when there were more than a few people in there browsing -- but they are currently expanding into the space next door!!!! More wines! More cheese! Eggs! Deli meats! More local options! Yay!  \n\nThis place is a way better grocery store option than Shaws, and not just because I would MUCH rather support the local guy. The only thing they don't really carry is a wide variety of fresh produce, but I'm hoping that that is going to be changing when they are done expanding."]
["Love of sandwiches plus love of Italian food - it's hardly surprising that I love sandwich-making Italian delis is it?\n\nWhen I worked in London I was lucky to be close to several, and they won hearts and minds with both me and my co-workers despite the phalanx of excellent sandwich to-go chains and pick-your-own-fillings-and-bread places littering every street corner. Somehow everything taster fresher and more flavorful for the same price if not less.\n\nSo over to my experiences here in Boston. Well, Dave's is thoroughly excellent - I'd recommend it to anyone and will hopefully be back. The produce range - pastas, cheeses and wines - is good and although not as extensive as Formaggio Kitchen's, it is certainly less pretentious and 'oh-darling-you-must'.\n\nSo why only four stars? I know from London that it can be better - it can be more like the marriage of Basta Pasta and Darwins which individually do respective pasta and sandwiches that little bit better in my humble and often useless opinion.\n\nGreat place though. Keep up the good work Davey."]
["I love the free samples because I pig out on them and they help me make it home and cook without being starving\n\nRavioli's and sauces are very good\n\nSo are the long pastas\n\nLast thing we got was artichoke and fontina rav's with vodka sauce \n\nA+  \n\nSubs are good too but really half of one is plenty for me!!!"]
["4.5\nWhat more can be said about Dave's amazing food.  I would have to say they make the perfect prosciutto &amp; mozzarella sandwich, the basil proportion is just right.  I went to Tufts, so its like a stone throw away from the University- and literally 1/2 a minute from Davis T stop.  Very convenient.  As you can see from the reviews, Dave's is consistently superior food !\nOh yeah,... did I mention, there pasta is amazing too!?\n\nBottom Line: Make this place one of your fav's too."]
["Low carb diet???What's that???? WooHoo!!!! This place is great! The pasta here is delicious and where else can you find beet pasta?\nYou can grab a bite to eat here and something to take home and cook yourself.  So many pastas to try....so little time. Sigh."]
["Dave's is totally deserving of five stars. \n\nThe name is misleading--there's much more here than just fresh pasta. In addition to some of best sandwiches in the Boston-area, Dave's also has a great selection of wines, cheeses, desserts, and take-out meals. They also offer cooking glasses and weekly wine tastings. It appears that they're also expanding...I imagine there will be more seating and dine-in options.\n\nA few notes:\n\n- Lines can be long -- especially around lunchtime\n- The staff is great for wine recommendations and pairing ideas\n- Try the prosciutto, fig, and mozarella sandwich (grilled)\n- Coupons are available on their site: http://www.davesfreshpasta.com/coupons.html"]
["Dave's makes great fresh pasta, with a great and ever-changing variety. The homemade sauces are quality as well. The best part is the number of different options, which go well beyond the standard fare you can find at most fresh pasta shopes (i.e., cheese and spinach ravioli, cheese and spinach flat pasta). A particular strength is the black pepper flat pasta, which has an excellent bite and flavor to it that you don't find in a lot of fresh pastas."]
["I really love it when you go someplace and they focus on just a few things and produce high quality, good value products (food, shoes, clothing, whatever it may be...). Dave's Fresh Pasta = really high quality, exceptionally fresh and perfectly delectable food. \n\nI've tried the butternut squash ravioli, fresh basil ravioli, prosciutto and sweet pea ravioli with a whole variety of sauces like vodka sauce, alfredo, nutmeg cream sauce, basil pesto. Time and time again I go out of my way to get fresh pasta and sauces from Dave's and I've never been disappointed. they also have a pretty decent collection of wines and are more than happy to make suggestions. The staff are friendly. Oh and did I mention CHEESE and CHOCOLATE. Damn. I think I will go there tonight. I encourage you to support Dave's. They are as good as it gets!!"]
['OMG- how can i purchase everything in this place!!!! everything is delicious and well made------ the selection of wine is small but outstanding&amp; thesandwiches are fantastic-- go!']
['When I first heard about this specialty Italian food store, I was slightly worried I\'d stumble in to find a bunch of foodies who scoffed at my questions and requests. So I was pleasantly surprised to find a bunch of really laid back folks who were happy to answer all my questions. Furthermore, they actually knew about their products and could quickly and easily give recipe/cooking suggestions. \n\nTo echo others, the pasta is fantastic. In fact, I headed home to New Orleans the day after I baked a HUGE lasagna with Dave\'s lasagna noodless. Rather than wasting it, I just packed the leftovers up and brought them home (btw TSA will let you put lasagna in your carry on as it\'s not exactly a gel). My strictly low carb dad who never eats pasta (unless it\'s some soy-high fiber stuff that can\'t even really be called pasta) decided to indulge because it just looked that good. Actually he even had seconds but only because he wanted to "save us" from having to pack up the leftovers again.\n\nNow that I work closer to Davis, we occasionally head to Dave\'s to pick up sandwiches.  On one hand everything is super fresh and they use really nice ingredients. At the same time, it can be a bit slow moving at times and it\'s about $8 for a sandwich - no chips etc. Though, I have to give them extra points for having Zapp\'s potato chips which are local to my hometown of New Orleans.  Plus it\'s always fun to see the guys I work with challenge each other to see who can handle the hot peppers that are often out to snack on while you wait.']
["Love, love, love.\n\nI don't have much to add that other's haven't, but I'd like to reiterate that\n\na) Their fresh pasta is AMAZING, and oh-so affordable\nb) Their alcohol buyer has SERIOUSLY good taste. Everything boozy that I've ever gotten here has been top-noch.\nc) The CHEESE. Ohhh the cheese.\n\nGreat place, great people, great food. What more could you want?"]
["This place used to be mine and a few others' secrets. Now its crowded every day. I suppose its good for the business, but..... sigh.... I guess I have to share..."]
["Love this place. I could live and work in there. The sandwiches are great (spicy smoked turkey grilled) and the pastas are very fresh and extremely affordable. Can't wait to try more of the sandwiches there."]
["My goodness! This place is fantastic. If you've got some time on the weekend to grab a late lunch, head by Dave's, pick up a prosciutto &amp; fig sandwich on focaccia, a Cisco Brewery Whale Tail Pale Ale, and you're set. \n   Whether you're there to pick up lunch, or to pick up some items for a nice dinner, you're set with this place... they've even got a modest but sufficient selection of beer and wine to get while you're out."]
["With 456 reviews and a 4 1/2 average, do I really need to write one too??  It's good.  Go there.  Get the fresh pasta and sauces."]
["I tend to use Dave's for ingredient buying since they always have extremely fresh options (juiciest lemon I've ever purchased). As well, I get fun cheeses and the premade salads. Despite the fact that they are known for their pasta I've only gotten it once.  It was fantastic and cooked up super quickly as fresh pasta does. I'm just sad that I'll be moving away from Davis in a couple months and won't be walking distance away anymore."]
["Affordable, decadent and tasty. I only wish this business was open a bit later. I can't ever seem to get there before closing time on a weeknight.\n\nIf you like cheese, try the epoise. Yummo."]
["If you need to feed a large group of people and don't have time to cook, Dave's is your place.  The frozen lasagna (spinach is my favorite) is very good, it tastes like it was made fresh and not frozen. They will also defrost and warm it up (I think they charged me $5) if you are pressed for time."]
["Let's face it. Davis Square would not be Davis Square without Dave's. It's the freakin' bees' knees. As you can probably guess, they have fresh pasta, and just about any other high-quality specialty ingredient for cooking delicious Italian food at home. Plus they've got great (really, great) sandwiches."]
["Odd I thought I already reviewed this place 2 weeks ago but I don't see it down there - Ok so I walked in and couldnt move so I didn't wait to get a sandwich. I went around a corner to display cases - I feel like they hid the frozen pasta. Maybe I should have got the fresh pasta the lady was pressing behind a counter - regardless the frozen sweet pea and ricotta ravioli and the gnocchi was amaaaazing and so was the olive dip i got. It was like an olive and wine kind of dip. I ate it all and went back the next day for more to have as an appetizer (again) when I tried frozen pasta #2 BUT they are closed Sundays. Wah :("]
['I have not been all that adventurous with the different types of pasta and fresh food available here, but I do love the raviolli and all of their sauces. Why mix it up when you "love the one your with?" (If you haven\'t noticed I like to add at least one corny line per review) \n\nIt is also a great place to grab a wrap walking home from the T after work. \nI usually go with the chicken caesar wrap. Again, don\'t stray away from my favorites here for some unknown reason. \n\nYou can eat outside when it is nice out too!']
['jeez louise, i love Dave\'s Fresh Pasta!  I can\'t even think of anything clever or pithy to say. Just thinking about their incredible ingredients and flavors they use in their homemade, fresh raviolis, etc. is making my mouth water and part of my brain to sort of shut down in that drooly "feed me" sort of state.\n\ntheir sandwiches are totally kickass, too.']
["4 stars for the great wine selection, yummy cheese and meats, and all around adorableness!  One solid complaint: your bread on your sandwiches is so sub par.  Please, get some Iggy's or some other delicious company 'cause whatever you get aint cuttin' it!"]
["12/31/07: Thanks to all the yelpers for pointing me here. What a treat for our last meal in Boston. We grabbed three pounds of linguine (both spinach and tomato varieties - each around $4/lb) along with three pints of sauce (one each of tomato basil, puttanesca and smoked tomato cream - each pint around $5) and prepared it at home. The last sauce was heavenly and probably the least healthy, but it was awesome! The smoked taste was perfect, not overkill nor overwhelming. The fresh pastas were awesome, they truly beat any dried/boxed pasta hands down! There's a wide selection of pastas and once you decide, they'll cut it to your pleasure (angel hair, spaghettis, linguine, etc.)!\n\nThey recommend 1/2 pound of pasta for each person which turned out way too much. I will order 1/4 pound per person in the future so that we don't have leftovers!"]
["I had this craving for meatballs the other day that wouldn't quit.  Get your head out of the gutter, i'm talking abut Dave's Fresh Pasta here.\n\nThose meatbals are goooood.  That marinara sauce must contain crack or something.  \n\nThe sicilian sandwich and the Cuban are amazing.  I don't think you could order or buy anything here and not have it taste orgasmically good."]
["Love Dave's sandwiches - I wish I worked closer and could eat there everyday!"]
["Their huge, beautifully colored, layered Cuban sandwiches have me questioning why I don't eat pork. Seriously, whatever they lovingly slap between the bread at this place is savory ambrosia. Utterly delicious. The eggplant parm is fantastic too. Like your ex-Italian boyfriend's mom used to make.\n\nIf you're looking to stock up for dinner in your own digs, the pasta and sauces are indeed fresh (or frozen, if you prefer), the cheese is tasty and they've got a superb selection of reasonable wines chosen by The Second Glass' Chris Hallowell, who's got a palate broader than Picasso. Damn, I am just sooo punny."]
["expanded market, AMAZING sandwiches, impressive cheese selection, great variety of wines, the best fresh pasta that I have yet to find in Boston. they always put out samples, which I appreciate and their prepared refrigerated meals are also good, if a bit pricey. this place truly has it all. but what really makes Dave's a cut above the rest is how knowledgeable they are about all of their products. when I lived in Somerville, I was a regular here and would very frequently rely on their expertise for wine pairings and even the details of cheese cultivation. \nI have on more than one occasion driven from Jamaica Plain to Davis just to satisfy my craving for one of Dave's italian subs and some fresh  fettucine, so let that be a testament to quality of food and the lengths to which this italian girl will go to get her home-style grub on. awesome stuff~!"]
["I went to Dave's Fresh Pasta for lunch, expecting to try some good pasta.  They sell pasta but it wasn't a pasta place.  I'm still not sure how to describe them.  They're a deli + grocery + wine place.  They have a pretty  extensive sandwich menu.  I had a grilled chicken #2 panini and it was yummy.  The bread was perfectly toasted and the chicken was well-seasoned.   A little pricey, but it was a pretty good sandwich.\n\nDon't count on sitting down to eat.  My friend and I went there at 11 for lunch on Saturday, so we were able to get a table.  There are only a few tables (3, if I recall correctly), so by the time we left, there was a crowd of people standing around waiting for a table to open up."]
["Dave's is the best!  They have the best pasta around, with fun flavors they change every week and lots of great sauces to go with it.  Picking up Dave's on the way home is a great alternative in the winter when you'd rather stay in than go out to dinner."]
["If you are looking for GREAT pasta and sauces, which is what their name leads you to believe is their specialty, then look no further!  Everything I've ever purchased has been delicious!    Also, take a few extra moments to browse through all of the items they carry, as you will be amazed at the unique items they have, in addition to great beer and wine selections!  I always make a point to try different things from here!\n\nBut Dave's is now totally responsible for my new love affair with the gourmet sandwich!  I am one of those people who has always thought that a sandwich is just for lunch.  Not anymore!  Dave's sandwiches are most certainly a completely satisfying meal!  I love how you can choose one of their menu specialties, or simply customize the sandwich of your dreams, from bread choice, to spread choice, to veggie choice, to protein choice!  It's perfect!  Yummy yummy!  The portions are large, and you could easily make it a meal for two by adding one of their great salads to go along with the sandwich. And don't forget one of Dave's sweet items found nestled on the counters!  \n\nDave's is a little piece of heaven all under one roof!\n\nWord of advice....if you can call in your sandwich order ahead of time, DO SO, as the line can be long (but still well worth it!). So if you are in a time crunch, do yourself a favor!"]
["The fresh pasta is amazing. Had the monthly (ricotta with lemon and herbs) and daily (prosciutto, asiago, basil) ravioli plus store made marinara. Olive tapenade was among the best I've ever had. Very glad we made the stop on today. Looking forward to the lasagna that we bought!"]
["i have to finally review dave's! after living next door for about 3 years, and going almost once a week, i owe a great review. although their fresh pasta is great, and the beer selection good, the star of the show for me is their sandwiches.  try the artichoke and arugula sandwich, it is possibly the best thing with two slices of bread i've ever eaten!"]
["Everyone in Somerville knows that Dave's is the best food in Davis Square. Their sandwiches are a little more expensive than your average deli, but they're also fantastic and use quality breads, cuts and cheeses. They also have a great selection of gourmet groceries if you've got fat pockets (as a college student, I can really only look at the grocery section--it's more expensive than the sandwich bar). Dave's is popular for a reason, definitely a must-try if you're in the area."]
['I\'ve only purchased homemade, fresh pasta to go and tried their cheeses + olives while waiting. My friend that lived around the block in Davis moved to Brooklyn, so I haven\'t been here in a while, but oh how I miss it. Unbelievably delicious when you want to impress or just have an awesome dinner at home with a good friend.\n\nBrings warmth to the term "comfort food."']
["I really like like your sarnies. A little pricy but I can deal with that 'cos you got sweet ingredients. Just figure out the whole queue situation. Lots of people hanging around all confused, and Boston people are confused enough as it is (they ain't so smart)."]
['I was indeed surprised to find that the portions in the (sub)urban northeast were rather Texas sized! I think I received far more than 8 dollars worth of sandwich. Plenty more in fact. I just wished I lived here so I could sample some of their apparently delicious pasta!']
["Best sandwich EVER! went there for the first time with a friend and plan to go back once a month to try a new sandwich! Delicious meal! Can't wait to go back and try something new!"]
["I've never tried the pasta, but I've had a sandwich and soup here. I'd say they were alright, but they looked better than they tasted--not on the Formaggio Kitchen level of gourmetness. All the ingredients were good, but the combinations were iffy. The sandwich was sourdough bread with olive oil, sauteed bitter spinach, asiago, roasted red peppers, and sun dried tomatoes. There were just too many conflicting flavors going on. Regular foccacia and no sun-dried tomatoes, and this sandwich would have been much better. The soup  was black bean with roasted tomatoes. Just not very interesting, and too salty.\n\nStill I recommend checking out this store, because there is something for even the most demanding foodie. This shop has many gourmet items (e.g., E. Guittard and El Rey chocolates, nice wine selection, some good international cheeses)."]
["I already loved Dave's because of the sandwiches, but last night I went and shopped in their new market and it was a pretty excellent experience.\n\nThe guy @ the meat counter helped me decide which prosciutto I needed and how it should be cut. The woman behind the pasta(etc) counter made a suggestion for pasta + I ended up with really great lemon pepper linguine that she cut in front of me. And finally when I stepped into the wine room, I was immediately asked if I needed help and was presented with 3 bottles to choose from based on the price I said I wanted to spend and what we were having for dinner. The bottle we ended up with was great.\n\nIn addition to the super friendly staff, there are samples of things like Iggy's bread with Kerrygold butter at one counter and then different cheeses at another.\n\nI'm so glad they expanded to offer this market. I'll definitely go back for dinner ingredients and of course, will continue getting sandwiches there for lunch."]
['My new favorite spot in Davis Square.  Awesome homemade pasta and great soups.  I will definitely be frequenting this place often!']
["Every time I eat a sandwich here I feel like a panda cub: content, fuzzy and ready to swing on a tire. Why?\n\nFresh ingredients.\nTake out (or eat in) large panini or sandwiches, soups, pasta, desserts that taste as wonderful as the quality ingredients put into them. \nExcellent coffee.\nWide selection of take out wine.\n\nA teeny clean bathroom in the back if you want to stick around and eat there, which I highly recommend on a warm sunny day. They put lots of chairs and tables outside. Its nice. \n\nJust be careful of some of the breads--the edges (particularly if toasted) can scratch the roof of your mouth up if you don't eat slowly and carefully."]
["Ah if only I lived a little bit closer to Davis!!  I absolutely love the Dave's Fresh Pasta.  All of the pasta, gnocchi, or sauces I've tried were wonderful.  mmm.... lobster ravioli....\n\nAlso, I took the pasta sauces class with a couple of friends and thought it was really useful.  Dave walks the 12 person class through the basics of how to make oil, tomato, and cream sauces.  You get to try throughout the 3 hour class (including matching wine!).  It really opened my eyes to what basics are vital for making a simple and delicious sauce. \n\nNumerous wine tasting nights which I'd love to make it up there for, and a pasta making class.  They have a monthly email list which I use to monitor specials and find out when the next wine night is!"]
["Few places which try to do so much succeed in some many areas!\nDavis Fresh Pasta isn't just about pasta, but about wine, cheese, sandwiches, pre-made food, meats, and specialty goods.\n\nCheese - selection is supurb.  Can be on the pricey side vs. Russo's, but their selection is fantastic, and they hey have several local selections.\nSalads/Sandwiches - their selection is great and always produce a high quality lunch or dinner.  One could eat there everyday!\nWine/Beer - I like there wine selection.  Its not huge, but they make some interesting chooses.  Again, can be a few bucks more.  Usually there is one person in the store that can give good recommendations.  They are good about avoiding bad wines, so you wont walk out with something you need to toss.\nPre-Made foods - I find this portion a little hit or miss.  About Whole Food quality.\nPasta - No as good as Caponas, but good.\nGoods - I like their meats.  They carry Iggie's bread, which is good.  I find their vegies too expensive.  But everything is a high quality, so picking something up on your way home, you wont be disappointing in anything but the price.\n\nGo to Dave's for a sandwich or salad next time you a in Davis, you wont be disappointed."]
["I really love this place. If you want to throw together a fun &amp; tasty meal with one stop, this is the right place! You can buy AMAZING fresh pasta or ravioli, great beer selection, with some meats and bread available too. The place is incredibly busy on Friday nights so be forewarned-- it's small and hard to maneuver when there are a lot of people there. But it's worth it!"]
["This place is both a sandwich shop and a gourmet grocery, and it's great at both. Delicious sandwiches and tons of interesting tidbits and ingredients to cook on your own. Be warned, it gets very crowded at peak times and can run out of space. If you're willing to walk a bit though, there are some nice parks ~10-15 minutes away."]
["This place was amazing before the expansion, and has become even more amazing after the expansion. \n\nDave's is basically the Cardullo's of Davis square, plus some breathing room, and with a little extra inventory. I mean this as a compliment, just in case some people don't like Cardullo's. \n\nThey have free wine and beer tasting occasionally, but the really good ones cost a little money (and are totally worth it). \n\nI really really really like this place. \n\nThe wine selection is what does it for me. Yes, there is Downtown Wine and Spirits (just down the street), but Dave's has managed to distinguish themselves from the standard distributor fare. Particularly, I like their selection of Loire, Beaujolais, and Vin du Pay wines. I always end up trying a new grape, or an old grape from a new region, or a wine that I can't find anywhere else. \n\nThe only problem is that I've just had terrible luck with their wines. Working within a budget, I sometimes miss that amazing new wine and pick up that mediocre new wine. This is usually a little disappointing, but that's what I get for trying new things. Yes, I talk to the staff, but they can't divine what will mesh with my palate."]
['This place is amazing!\nThe pasta is incredible and really fresh. While it is satisfying (and time consuming) to make your own, I am not sure it could be any better. \nThe only problem I have (and it is not a problem at all) is that I walk in for a few things and always buy so much more. \nDisclosure: The manager is a friend of mine but that only got me in the first time. I have been many times since because I really love it and trust me - you will love this place too!']
['Great pasta. Great beer. Great wine. Amazing cheese. Best Sandwiches EVER. Classy. Cozy. End of story.']
["I gotta say, I've never been 100% blown away by anything in here, but 5 stars. The people are nice, I love to browse, I've liked everything I've eaten (some I've loved, some are just good. the gnocchi is great as are the sauces you can buy). I like that you can take one hot pepper out of the bucket and eat it. I like the gourmet chocolate ill never have enough money to buy and the cheeses and the wine. the sandwiches are good too. go dave's!"]
["Mmmm...fresh pasta?  I'll have a sandwich, and I'll love it."]
["The pasta is absolutely delicious but their prices are rather high. And, we've gotten pasta from there several times, and each time I have to spend a few minutes re-cutting the pasta apart because they didn't make clean slices in the first place, so it always comes out looking really ugly and warped and sometimes pops open. I've had lots of fresh pasta in my life, and while this is delish, they could improve for the prices."]
["After living in and around Somerville for so many years, I'm not sure why it took me so long to finally check this place out.  But boy, am I glad that I finally did!  Last week I tried their lemon parmesan cream sauce over pasta, and it was so good.  I never soak up the sauce on my plate (I usually leave that job up to my husband), but I couldn't get enough of that sauce!  I also tried the truffled potato and chive ravioli, and those were delicious as well.  We will be going back to Dave's regularly now!"]
['I think it\'s OK. I\'m walking home from the T stop and go by this place OK. I\'m starving and I don\'t feel like walking another couple blocks OK.  I wish Dave\'s put more emphasis on the fresh pasta, but really what I get from this place is "sandwich shop." And those sandwiches are perfectly...OK. \n\nI should add that making your own homemade pasta is not terribly difficult and worth a try!']
["This place definitely doesn't need another booming review! Great place! Try the whole wheat pasta!"]
["One word: AMAZING.  I live very close to Dave's and have found it difficult to stay away! I mainly go for the sandwiches, which are hearty and delicious.  Every sandwich I've tried has not disappointed but my personal favorite is the artichoke and arugula. They have a wonderful selection of wine with an incredibly helpful staff.  You can tell they really have a passion for what they do.  Oh, and I can't mention Dave's without talking about the cheeses.  Go, browse, and pick one you've never had before--Its so worth it!"]
["The chicken number 2. I really don't even have to say anything else. That sandwich is freaking awesome. The cuban is damn good as well. \n\nDave's is amazing. They always have tons of samples out, the pasta is GREAT (clearly) -- when I went for midnight madness they were handing out samples of a butternut squash ravioli...I'm drooling just thinking about how much I miss Dave's. Great people, great food."]
["Thank goodness for Daily Candy!\nThey sent an email about Dave's once and that was the first I had heard of it. My boyfriend and I went and picked up pasta, sauce, cheese, etc for a nice dinner in. The only problem was with all the choices! I wanted to try more than I could possibly eat. The choices we made were delicious, and I would definitely recommend this to others. They also hold cooking classes, wine/cheese tastings there, which I'm hoping to attend sometime soon.\n\nThe other great thing about the food here is it makes a great gift. I had friends going through some rough times, leaving them no time to cook. A few of us went to Dave's, picked up enough for a few meals, and delivered it to their house. They loved it and were very appreciative. Next time you're looking for a gift for someone, try Dave's, I'm sure the recipient will be happy!"]
['Dave\'s is simply the best around. In every aspect.\n\nFirst, the fresh pasta...is amazing. You can get whatever kind you want cut however you want, made to order. The sauces to go with it are also great. It\'s even extremely economical. I go here to buy pasta whenever I\'m having people over...fresh pasta is great for entertaining as it takes only a few minutes to cook, leaving more time to spend with the guests.\n\nThe "to-go" food is amazing as well. Bread is always prime. I\'ve never had a bad sandwich. However, my personal favorite is the spinach salad, with walnuts, brie, apples, and chicken or tuna. \n\nWine selection is top-notch, and the prices compete with the liquor store I usually go to, Downtown Wine and Spirits (also in Davis Square). The people working there usually know quite a bit about the wine selection and can help make a recommendation. I recently attended one of their wine tasting events, and it was WELL worth the $30. Many wines sampled, paired with great food. When I usually go to wine tastings, I generally leave buzzed but hungry. Not at Dave\'s-- ample food was provided. \n\nAll in all, great place to eat!!']
["YUM.  My husband and I each got a sandwich here and loved them.  They lovely meats and cheeses, and my turkey sandwich had a great mix of flavors.  There isn't much space to sit and eat, but it was a beautiful day so we ate on a bench in Davis Square.\n\nJust looking around the place they had gorgeous artisinal cheeses and fresh ravioli with gourmet fillings.  This place makes me want to move to Davis Square."]
["Had the special lasagna for the day - chicken and sausage and I must say that I was really disappointed. I only saw little bits of sausage and certainly couldn't taste the chicken nor see it. The lasagna itself had too much ricotta cheese for my taste, but the sauce on top was fantastic. \n\nI would like to go back and to buy some of their frozen pastas to take home and try and maybe next time I'll try a sandwich or wrap. I'm really sad that I didn't get to sample anything nor did I see any samples lying around."]
["Dave's is a great place to pick up some really tasty pasta, great sauces, and some freshly cooked deli items.  The sandwiches are good, and the wine and cheese selections are reasonable, but not particularly impressive.  For better or for worse, I compare all of these sorts of outlets to Formaggio Kitchen, and I don't feel any guilt about it.  Formaggio is like a little slice of heaven for a weirdo like me.\n\nThe people here are great, and you can easily walk away with a sack full of goodies.  Check it out if you haven't been there yet."]
["Love the grocery store -- they have the best selection of odd things you would never expect to find in such a tiny place: panko, gorgeous honeys, fresh duck breast, Irish butter, a large selection of hot sauces from around the world, creme fraiche and clotted cream, veal stock (!), lardo...I could go on and on.  I get ideas for dinner just standing here.  I particularly love that I can get individual stalks of celery instead of a whole bunch (perfect for impromptu meals).\n\nTaking one star off for the sandwiches; I've ordered three so far and none were particularly well-balanced or well-seasoned and the bread is so-so.  (Speaking of which, can someone recommend a bakery that can bake a proper baguette with a crunchy crust and a bready-center?)    \n\nBut, nonetheless, I love this place.  I wish it were open on Sundays."]
["There's not much to say about Dave's Fresh Pasta that hasn't already been said. The sandwiches look great (they have a panini press which makes everything better) and their pastas are excellent. I made the spinach ravioli and the porcini mushroom ravioli for my wife for dinner. They were both great. The prices aren't too bad either. It's a must visit."]
['I could never stay away from their ravioli - especially their butternut squash variety (when they have it). Paired with their creamy nutmeg sauce, it cant be beat.']
["I really can't think of anything bad about this place. It isn't cheap, but neither is the quality and the portions are generous. The staff is friendly and helpful. The food is delicious, they have some nice wines, and while I was perusing, the guy let me taste one of the box wines (they had an open one in the back). I've bought produce here and it was very fresh, and most of it comes from Enterprise Farms eastern seaboard food shed, or from local places.\n\nThis is my first 5 star review in Boston, but I really can't find anything to take away from this place. Except I wish it were next to my house. :)"]
["Once in your life, you must experience the Muffuletta at Dave's. It's a bit overwhelming when you walk into this place...we had our groupon in hand and were just a bit lost as to where to start for dinner....big luscious sandwich on display...ok that looks good...for sale BY THE POUND! That just strikes me as funny....and a good deal! A variety of italian cold cuts and provolone cheese stacked like a deck of cards....you could call it a Dagwood sandwich, I call it heaven: marinated roasted red peppers, chopped olives, capers (maybe tomato -or was that my side salad?). The bread seemed almost like a focaccia - very rich....share it with a friend - it's a meal.  Beer tasting night was the perfect finish....we'll be back!"]
["This is definitely one of those places that makes me wonder why I haven't been there a hundred different times already. I walk past it enough, so you'd think I would have been to pick up some awesome local milk and eggs, get a tasty sandwich, grab delicious/expensive chocolate, or buy some of the fresh pasta. I have no good reason why this hasn't happened  yet, but I plan on remedying it immediately. I have to say, though, getting two sandwiches turned a normal length lunch into an hour plus affair, which made my growling stomach none too happy, but I'll put that aside for now. Its not like the staff was rude or unfriendly, it just took way more time than seemed normal."]
['I just got back from a pasta sauce making class that Dave teaches once in a while. I am stuffed. It was a great deal and you get to try out about eight different sauces and lots of wine. All for $45. \n\nWe started off by simmering some tomato based sauces that would take a while to finish. In the mean time, we made a bunch of quick sauces. He boiled up some fresh pastas and we sampled all of them. My favorite was the puttanesca. All the while the wine kept flowing. He was a good teacher and concentrated on basic themes and good practices rather than recipes. \n\nI hear that they do wine tastings as well, so I will definitely be going back.']
["Oh Dave's, you lure me in a few times a month with your delicious fresh ravioli and creamy smoked tomato sauce.  \n\nThe recent groupon was a god-send as it can be a bit expensive, but it really can't be beat.  Supporting the local businesses and getting your newsletter showing you support your local farms and vendors really gives me extra incentive to stop in.  \n\nLove the recent addition the more beer, wine and produce selection.  Can't wait to sign up for a class or tasting! \n\nEvery now and then, a stop in around closing time sees a free sandwich sneak into my bag as they rid of the day's work.  Swoon."]
["All the odds say that this should be my favorite place to eat - right down the street from me &amp; great food.  As it turns out it might be one of my newest favorite places, but I feel like an idiot because I've lived in Somerville for almost two years and I just went here for the first time last week.  If you happened to be reading this and in a similar situation, let me put it to you bluntly: go here and get a freaking sandwich.  Explore the place and buy some pasta.  Get your meats here for your sandwiches you bring to work.  It's a small place, but if there was some way to measure it, the QOA (Quality of Awesomeness) per square foot is off the radar."]
["I freakin' love Dave's Fresh Pasta. Excellent sandwiches, specialty foods, and you can have pasta rolled and cut for you while you wait! They bring in fresh seafood and produce and a great wine selection, do regular tastings and send me emails on what they've got in fresh every few days.\n\nNot a lot of seating."]
["Awesome all the way around!!!!!!!  \nThe sandwiches are amazing.  They are around $7, but its two meals and 100% worth it.  \n\nThe grocery section is pricy, but all their products are from local vendors and unique.  There fish and vegetables are really fresh.  They have a great wine selection and they are very knowledgeable. \n\nThey arn't open late enough (i think 6) but its not a big enough gripe to move them down to a 4 rating."]
["Although I love Capone's, Dave's is damn good. \n\nI was surprised at their selection of fresh pastas and sauces. They also have wine and cheese and bread and produce. YUM! This place is busy. The staff is friendly and upbeat. I got the Butternut squash ravioli - very good! \n\nI usually go to Capone's in Davis Sq or Porter Sq - but now that I know about Dave's I'm sure I'll check them out for more ravioli in the future. Capone's has great gnocchi and sauces that I can't imagine could be beat. The ravioli is comparable."]
['Delicious fresh pastas and sauces in many different flavors. Great wine/cheese selection as well.']
["Der! It's Fresh Pastaaaaa!!!! its soo gooodd. Der. Just pop a lactaid pill first."]
["Their food is AMAZING and there is a delectable array of treats but the customer service is consistently unfriendly. It is the same crew every time I am there and I go at a quiet time in the afternoon when there is plenty of time to return a smile or a kind word or two. Every time they are so cold. I wish the product wasn't so great so that I wouldn't mind not going there."]
['Beer selection is good, pasta is fresh and creative flavors including my fav butternut squash. They have desserts and salads and other pasta based things like lasagna and just fresh pasta. Nice place to pick up dinner, but kinda a specialty store, which means prices are higher than I can do regularly.']
['I am sitting here puzzled..... and starving, from having to skip dinner tonight.\nI have always trusted yelp and read all the great reviews here on this place but for the first time Yelp has failed me :( \nI still love you all nonetheless.\n\nI walk into Dave\'s tonight to pick up some Pasta, meatballs and sauce to make dinner. The Pasta was their blackpepper flavor i think, and that was the best part of the meal.\n\nWARNING, MAJOR GROSS FACTOR!!\n\nThe meatballs reminded me of the taste of vomit, no lie. Its funny, cause my girl said it to me first before I had tasted them and I told her she exaggerating, NOPE, she wasn\'t. I am now left assuming we just got a bad batch tonight.\n\nOn to the sauce, marinara or however you spell that, was also major gross, I warmed it up with the meatbalss and it loss all its thickness by the time I put it on the pasta, so I was having soup Pasta with "vomitballs"\n\nI feel horibble leaving such a bad review as someone who also runs a small business, but I just had to do this, I am grumpy after missing a meal.\n\nSorry Dave\'s, as a lazy fellow who love homecook pasta and meatballs, without all the extra work I was looking forward to many dinners from you, unfortunately you never lived up to all the great reviews on here.\n\nI will just assume they had an off night, wish I could try their ravioli.....sigh....... nice meeting you Dave\'s!!']
["I've been getting fresh ravioli and pasta sauces from Dave's for about 3 years now. \n\nRavioli: Prosciutto  and Asiago\nSauce: Smoked Mozzarella\n\nBut yesterday I had for the first time ever, one of their sandwiches, The Sopressa. Mixture of cured hams, basil, and fresh mozzarella. Holy crap, and the bread that this was made with had that awesome old world, break your jaw chewiness( yes this is a good thing).\n\nOnly negative, beers are a bit overpriced, but hey I generally don't go there to buy beer."]
["Dave's didn't laugh at me years ago when I told them I never bought olive oil. Instead, the cute guys behind the counter basically gave me a 5 minute cooking lesson free of judgment. The staff always seems willing to answer questions, and you can tell they are passionate about food without being snooty or pretentious to those with less experience. So I kept going back. I love their fresh pasta available by the pound or 1/2 pound (and they always offer one on sale)! The breadsticks are fantastic. Dave's keeps expanding, first when Mr. Crepe left then relocated, then when Cibeline left. Dave's deserves all the space it can get! They will give you suggestions on sauces as well. Lots of yummy cheeses, and they even offer cooking classes!  And there's always a cute guy or two who will smile when you order."]
['It\'s quite simple, you will not find a better sandwich in Boston.  They use very good ingredients including awesome meats, quality cheeses and amazing hard-to-find spreads, surrounded by fresh bread.\n\nThey also have a pasta counter where they will cut fresh pasta before your eyes.  I suggest the ravioli.  Why would you ever buy the "fresh" ravioli from the supermarket when this place will make it ten times better for a little bit more.\n\nEverything I have eaten here has blown me away, and yet its pretty good for those low on funds.  Honestly, if I could give this place 6 stars, I would.']
["Hands down the best sandwiches I've had since the world famous Oil Shoppe in Florence, Italy. Their fresh pasta and homemade sauces are wonderful - try the nutmeg cream sauce!"]
["Daves Fresh Pasta is probably one of the reasons why I still live in Davis Square.  Everything I've tried is delicious but their sandwiches are the best I've had in the Boston area (fav are Caprese with prosciutto and Cubano....the Muffaletta is also amazing).   The soups are also superb.  The proof of their success is their expansion and the place is still packed on Saturdays (they're closed on Sundays).   They usually have some tasting of cheeses, pestos, olives, breads which gives you a chance to try out their various fresh products.   It's really a favorite local."]
["Ok, so I live around the corner from Dave's and am tormented by the savory smells coming out of this place EVERY day.  It's a problem.  It's a problem because my jeans are getting tighter while my wallet is getting slimmer. And my a-hole stomach is pretty damned proud of itself for orchestrating this scenario. \n\nFirst let me begin by saying that I've tried two of their pastas, one with a marinara-based sauce (can't remember exactly what it was) which was totally under-seasoned, and the other was their ravioli with vodka cream sauce which was pretty rich and tasty (though not the best I've had).  However, as far as pastas go, I am probably not a fair judge given my highly critical Sicilian palate, so I am limiting my review to their sandwiches alone. \n\nSo this is where my wallet and thighs have fought many a battle and surrendered in defeat more times than I care to admit.  The yum factor of the sandwiches at Dave's, out of a scale of 10, is a big fat 11.  The grilled smoky spicy turkey (but substitute the turkey with their grilled chicken--you can thank me later) is easily one of the best sandwiches I've ever had.  However, the grilled chicken #2 comes in a very close second.  The cuban is also an excellent choice--a meat-eaters holy grail of sorts.  I also appreciate the selection of breads from which you can choose--though I am pretty loyal to the pane rustico and the sliced ciabatta. \n\nOnce you order, you'll have to wait a bit until you get your sandwich particularly if you opt to get yours grilled (which is strongly encouraged), but I assure you it is well worth the wait.  The shop itself is quite charming, and you can browse their wine and cheese selection while you wait, or you can grab a seat outside and people-watch.  \n\nThe only real downside to Dave's is, as others have mentioned, the lack of friendly customer service.  However, the interactions with staff are so brief and the sandwiches so tasty, that I really can't bring myself to knock off a star."]
["I used to think I liked to cook things from scratch at home. Then I discovered Dave's Fresh Pasta. With an amazing array of frozen soups, pre-made lasagnes, appetizers, and dips and spreads - all reasonably (but not cheaply) priced - I really can't justify making the stuff myself these days. \n\nSure, the dairy section is outrageously priced, but the selection of organic and local veggies is fantastically fresh and surprisingly at least as reasonable as Shaw's. The meat selection is crazy expensive - $12 for a pound of bacon, anyone? - but it looks so good that, if I wasn't an impoverished student, I know I would be enjoying that Vermont applewood-smoked bacon as we speak. And did I mention the sandwich bar??? Aye aye aye, with pre-cooked dinners now available on Friday and Saturday nights, I might start renting out my kitchen as a bedroom and just keeping a microwave on hand for all Dave's, all the time..."]
["This convivial social center and foodie's dream is my favorite part of my new neighborhood. I stop by on the way home and get the squash ravioli, some sauce, a loaf of garlic bread,  and a slice of carrot cake. All for under $15. If I'm cooking and I run out of some ingredient...there is Dave's. The difficult part is ever passing up Dave's on the way home. There is always something I might like to get here."]
["Problem: I am addicted to Dave's Fresh Pasta. I just had the best tomatoes OF MY LIFE -- and I don't even like tomatoes. And I ate them plain (with a little salt). Hands down, aside from farmer's markets, Dave's has the freshest, tastiest produce in the area. Go there. Now."]
['Aaamazing sandwiches, pesto was superb, coulda been cheaper tho']
['I love this place. They have amazing fresh pasta and a lot of great specialty items. Living nearby is really, really dangerous. In a good way.']
["The place is damn good I'll give em that. And now that they've opened a beer and wine section they're a legitimate multipurpose destination. They make great sandwiches and pretty good home made dishes. The real gem is some of the meats, cheeses, oils and other imported foods. \n\nThe one glaring negative is the price. Some people wrote in their reviews that it is cheap but that's far from true. I can see charging a lot for the homemade stuff because it costs more to make. And even those items are a bit overboard. But its the small stuff that gets pricey too. I needed a few ingredients for dinner one night and I went there for a can of tomatoes and a head of garlic. The damned tomatoes came out to $5! That's about $3 too much but oh well. They seem to have loyal staff so maybe they're getting paid well and thats where the money is going. I'd be ok with that ."]
["I had a 10 for 20 groupon to Dave's and it was my first time coming. Totally work the trek, thanks to lovely Yelp or I would have never come here and left with a delicious mini red velvet cupcake with cinnamon buttercream ice cream, rosemary infused olive oil, amazing Hudson Valley Camembert cheese, fresh pumpkin mozzarella ravioli, and their own Arrabiata sauce. Only negative was they were out of the type of bread that they had out for samples and I was totally in love with it :( I'll be back though so it's ok :)"]
["I've been an off-and-on lunch regular since the beginning. And an off-and-on grocery shopper too. Dave's is a manic place, with many urban conveniences thrown together to make a unique store that has lots of things missing but still somehow hangs together.\n\nThere are not enough seats for the lunch crowd, the counter people can have some attitude, the groceries are expensive, the beer and wine selection is ... unusual. And I'm not a huge fan of their pasta. \n\nBut I give Dave's credit for enthusiasm and consistency. It's a well-run establishment, and the grocery and package store employees are genuinely knowledgeable. Any neighborhood would be glad to have a place like Dave's."]
["HUGE DELICIOUS AMAZING SANDWICHES!!!\n\nTheir pasta is also amazing, but you'd never know this place sells the best sandwiches in the world.  If you get a sandwich on focaccia bread, it will easily feed two people.  \n\nThis store is a one-stop shop for high-quality foods, and not badly priced.  They have all kinds of specialty cheeses (morbier is so hard to find, but it's here!) , wine, pesto (SO GOOD), breads (not stellar, but ok), desserts, chocolate."]
['This place has excellent fresh pasta. Their sandwiches are also very delicious and extremely fresh. This place is great to go to for a quick bite']
["Hmm this is a tough one-the food is good but the employees suck mega balls.. These douche bags make you feel like you're putting them out by asking for assistance or to make u a sandwich... Dave hire some people that aren't  pompous dickheads.  5 stars on the food-negative five for the employees.."]
['This place is awesome!  Do not limit yourself to the fresh pasta here (although it is amazing and should be tried.....it is also reasonably priced).  They also make their own sauces, chicken stock, and cookie dough - all fabulous!\n\nOn Friday evenings they do a free wine tasting.  The person who does the tastings is very knowledgeable but is very down to earth.\n\nGo and have fun but plan to spend a little dough.....no pun intended.']
["I'm a fan.  Sandwiches are universally awesome, takeout groceries and pasta and all that are awesome, and a great selection of wines to boot.  I have yet to try their famous lasagna, but it looks good enough that I have no doubt it is awesome too.  \nDave's is my favorite place to get a sandwich in Davis.  By far."]
["Awesome. Yummy sandwiches, fresh produce &amp; pasta, microbrews and wine! This place has it all, and I'll be back for more sandwiches for sure..."]
["The food is so fresh and yummy!ask  Now it has expanded! Market and all the goodies you need for meals and delicious treats. Go support a wonderful local establishment. Not inexpensive but worth it. The prepared foods are delicious, great cheese selection and the pasta is fresh and YOU don't have to make it.  Wine, beer, veggies, fresh bread and so much more. You won't believe it! The samples are fun and if you are having company and can not deal... stop by. Blows Pemperton out of the water."]
['Good food, good service, good prices. There isn\'t much else to say; that\'s a fair and consistent summary of my experience with these folks.  If you cannot live without pasta, it\'d be a shame if you\'ve never tried Dave\'s Fresh Pasta.\n\nI usually get fresh pasta and not much else, and my biggest issue is that I can\'t decide which flavor I want. Highly recommend: Spinach, black peppercorn, and squid ink. Dave\'s team is always patient, even if I stand there and "mmmm..uuhhh" for a solid minute. They\'re always so very merry.\n\nMy favorite DFP story: my SO stopped in to pick up pasta a couple of years ago, and realized he had forgotten to pick up onions. He asked one DFP dude, "Uh, do you have an onion that you could sell me? One onion?" and although slightly startled, he looked in their stash, and offered an onion for some change. Today, they have a sign that says (to paraphrase)  "Need any common kitchen food item? Just ask."  Yay.']
["Yes it's a bit pricey but you get exactly what you pay for. Good ingredients used for both the sandwiches and pasta."]
["I had Dave's Butternut Squash Ravioli this weekend and I was happy.  It was excellent.  The balance of the sweet squash and ricotta (I think it was ricotta) was delicious.  I just finished it off with some butter/salt/thyme.  Even though everyone in my dinner party was stuffed, we couldn't stop eating until all the ravioli were gone.  \n\nI'm excited to try all the other kinds of pasta and hopefully stop by one day for a sandwich too!"]
['Everything about this place is outstanding.  I was looking for a particular wine I had sampled there a few years ago and the owner went onto her computer and searched it for me.  I love this place.']
["Dave's was one of my first 'local' dining experiences when I moved close to Davis Square-- and it remains my favorite.  I've never had the fresh pasta but consider it every time I stop by.  I'm quite obsessed with the Grilled Chicken #2, on 7-grain, and grilled.  It's hardy but not too heavy and tastes super fresh.  \n\nThe samples are great-- olive oils, cheeses, spreads, and more!!\n\nDefinitely worth a visit!"]
["The best sandwiches I've run across, anywhere, with good prepared food, a great wine store, super cheese, -- and fresh pasta, too."]
['This place is the best. I am a huge fan of their sandwiches and their homemade sauces. Great wine and cheese selection too! Its a one stop shop for a fresh quality dinner!']
["When you walk inside, your senses will be overwhelmed by the smell of fresh, flavorful food and the sight abundant vegetables, homemade sauces, crusty bread, and walls stacked with wine.  I was in ecstasy.  I bought a pound of the special ravioli of the month (duck, porcini mushroom, and blue cheese) along with the recommended special sauce (a port wine butter reduction...*drool*).  I also purchased half a pound of the spinach ravioli with eggplant marinara sauce.  I brought all of this--along with broccoli, portabella mushrooms, and a baguette--for only $21.95.  What a great buy.  \n\nDave's, which is right near the Davis Square T Station (seriously--less than a 5 minute walk away), will be frequented by me and my roommates.  I'm so excited to work my way through all of the exciting pasta flavors!  Next on my list: Butternut Squash.  Mmm..."]
["This place is amazing. Even with a decent drive to get here, I come  about once a week for a sandwich at lunch. The 'Sicilian' might be the best sandwich in town, and the cheese samples while you wait are fantastic.\n\nThey sell beer and wine, but you're not allowed to drink it on the property.  So if you want some with your lunch, take it to go."]
["One of the best sandwiches I've ever had! I had a plainville turkey sandwich with fresh mozzarella, baby arugula, baby spinach, mixed greens, and basil pesto. Really good!"]
["I love Dave's Fresh Pasta! I can't get enough of the porcini mushroom ravioli. I've tried a few other raviolis and pastas but I always go back to the porcini mushroom. The staff is also very friendly and helpful."]
["I have lived in Somerville for three years, and I must admit that I go to Dave's weekly.  I love their fresh pasta and specialty foods, but I am obsessed with their sandwiches.  You cannot find a better selection of fresh, quality ingredients on sandwich.  I love their Italian grilled on focaccia , the smokey-spicey turkey and the hummus wrap.  You can also build your own sandwiches.  I have also taken the pasta making class which was awesome! I make my own pasta on a regular basis."]
["One should expect fantastic, albeit expensive sandwiches at Dave's. The store has a thoughtful assortment of gourmet goods (e.g. excellent beer, cheese,  and wine selections)."]
['BEST SANDWICHES EVER.  Nuff said.  Plus, a great gourmet grocery selection.\n\nAlso delicioooous butternut squash ravioli.  I heart it!']
['Just writing this review makes me crave Dave\'s Reuben sandwich. They have quite the selection of sammys available and i try to branch out but every time i step up to the register the same words come out of my mouth "i\'ll have dave reuben!" -- and im super happy everytime. My significant other always manages to order something different so i can say that every sammy ive tasted has been delicious.\n\nAlso took a stab at making the pasta and Italy doesnt even have pasta like this. so very bene!']
["Tried Dave's the other day for the first time, I've heard plenty of good things so I wanted to give it a go. I tried their wild mushroom raviolis- they were awesome, possibly the best rav's I have ever eaten! I am looking forward to my next trip to Dave's which will be this week."]
['Amazing pasta, n incredible tasty fresh sandwiches. I wish they were close to work, so I could have lunch  there everyday']
["There is no doubt that the pasta, and the sandwiches, are great.  But I want to write a review about the wine selection.  As of now, I am 0-8 for wine purchases from Dave's.  Because there are barely any selections for under $12, it is extremely frustrating to get home with my $17 bottle of wine and realize it is terrible.  And this has happened to me over and over.  I am a wine lover, and I am shocked, and I will no longer buy my wine there.  This is a pasta place - how is it possible they don't have a solid $10-range Italian wine selection...so many people would buy.  Trader Joe's has a better Italian wine selection for half the price and sadly I have to go back to that.  This being said, pasta/raviolis/sandwiches are wonderful.  The crowd and the line get crazy."]
["As a student at Tufts, I've sampled just about everything Davis Square has to offer. Dave's Fresh Pasta might be the best. Even if you don't plan on buying anything, make sure to stop by and try some of the free samples, which generally include fresh olives, french bread, cheeses, and spreads like homemade hummus and pate. If you are buying something, pretty much all the sandwiches are great, and the caprese sandwich with prosciutto is amazing. The fresh pasta can be amazing, but also can be a little disappointing if you wait to cook it. \n\nFrom my experience, the only downsides to Dave's are the expensive prices, which are actually pretty reasonable considering the quality of the food, and the lack of indoor seating. If you come in during the winter or on a rainy day, don't expect to get a seat, the three small tables they have are always packed.\n\nBasically, if you're in Davis Square, make sure to stop by Dave's Fresh Pasta."]
["Went here today for lunch and got a sandwich.  As yummy as the homemade pasta that we love to get here.  ....and love the expanded store and seating too.  I love all the gourmet grocery items as well, although think they are a little on the pricy side.  As we went to leave I was sad to see that Black and Blues closed, but saw that Dave's is opening a wine and antipasto place, yay! Go Dave's."]
["This place is excellent. I love the cozy, friendly atmosphere. And they have a lot of good stuff for groceries. My favorite sandwich is the Avocado BLT, it's simply amaaaazing."]
['Excellent place to go for a sandwich, or for dinner fixins.  They make pasta right in front of you, and also have quite a selection of lasagna and chicken and other goodies you can take home and heat up and pretend that you made yourself.  \n\nI love their sandwiches, especially the grilled chicken caesar wrap.  I also quite enjoy the hot peppers they give away free to all their customers- just take one!  \n\nAlso an interesting selection of wine, cheese, crackers, and other fun nibbles.']
['Despite the initial confusion about going to a "pasta" place for a sandwich, I left Dave\'s happy and content after one "grilled chicken number 2" on focaccia bread. I can\'t say anything more, than it was the best sandwich I\'ve had in a long time. Enough said.']
["SImply the best.  If you enjoy sandwiches you're doing yourself a disservice by not having the finest sandwiches in the Greater Boston Area.  \n\nAnd the shop is almost as good as the sandwiches, and now that it's expanded, it's quite comfortable to browse.  Believe the hype, go to Dave's Fresh TODAY!"]
["Everything at Dave's is so incredibly good that it is always tough to decide what to get there. Lover the pastas, love the breads, love the cheeses, love it all. I guess if I had to say one negative about the place, it would be that it is very small and when crowded, can be really tough to move around in. But other than that, it is very difficult to say anything bad about this spot just outside of Davis Square."]
['This is the store i will miss most when we move out of Davis Square.  Prices are good, food is fantastic, great deals on wine and such from time to time.  The wine buyer has never steered us wrong.  They now have fresh fish and some deli meats which is great, can buy a whole dinner and everything is great.\n\nPlus - I love supporting a nice local business.']
["If you've forgotten what an Italian sandwich is supposed to be like, do not delay on your way to Dave's. They start with fresh, crusty bread and stuff it with real Italian meats like capicola, salami and mortadella, not anemic cold cuts pre-layered in wax paper that they slap into your bun when you order. They add sharp, dense Italian cheese, not Shaw's provolone, and freshly pickled, biting hot peppers, not minced peppers swimming in oil. On the other hand, you'll pay $8, not $5, and you'll wait 10 minutes for it instead of grabbing it off the end of an assembly line. Small price for the best sandwich you ever had, and you can even nibble samples of olives and pesto while you wait. It was so good a girl stopped me mid-bite to ask what sandwich I had ordered."]
['Wow, this place is truly impressive.  It is like an old school Italian grocery store, but totally hip for this day &amp; age.  After reading  &amp; hearing a few reviews on this place, I had to try it.  I bought the fresh butternut squash ravioli with the nutmeg cream sauce (recommend by them) and it was excellent!  I bought a piece of frozen lasagna that I am looking forward to having, as well as going back for a sandwich from them, that I hear raving reviews about!  There should be more of these kind of places in the city.']
["I went to Dave's pasta recently to buy some stuff for a wine and cheese party I was attending. The staff at Dave's were very helpful and knowledgable and suggested several cheeses and dips for me to try. I ended up spending about $30 and everything was a huge hit at the party. They had the most amazing handmade burrata there - I bought the mascarpone version, and the fresh mozzarella teamed with the sweetness of the mascarpone made it one of the most delicious cheeses I have ever eaten. It is made by Fiore Di Nonno right in Somerville, and I highly recommend everyone to go buy some now. I also bought two dips - a tomato based one and a lemony one - both of which were excellent. Now I just need to go back and try their fresh pasta and sandwiches!"]
['Dear Dave: Thank you for teaching me to appreciate fresh pasta and for your fantastic classes. Pasta and sauce never tasted so good. Simple. Good. Yum.']
["If I could give 6 stars to Dave's cuban panini I would."]
["I love Dave's.  I tell everyone I know about it.  I even occasionally buy and deliver pasta for my friends who live in town and don't make it out to Davis Square."]
["another late night at the office. you dont feel like cooking when you get home, but you dont want to break the bank on yet another dinner out. what to do? the answer to yr problem is Dave's Pasta in Davis sq.\n\nthey have several flavors of homemade pasta (whole wheat, spinach, pumpkin, sun-dried tomato, etc.) that can be cut into fettucine, spaghetti, or angel hair; and they have delicious sauces, like basil pesto, eggplant tomato, vodka cream, puttanesca, and more. Dave's also has a small but impressive wine and cheese selection, as well as a counter serving pre-made food.\n\nhint: visit this page on their website - http://www.davesfreshpasta.com/coupons.html - to print a handy-dandy coupon and save even more money."]
["There is something special about a place that makes you excited about food. Squeezing through the store, you are  bombarded with sights and smells that inspire you to cook something great. I make it a habit to stop by McKinnon's for meats and then Dave's for cheese and fresh pasta. 10 minutes after you step off the T at Davis, you'll have everything you need for an exceptional dinner."]
["If you're overwhelmed at first, try the chicken #2.  Sandwiches on the grill take a little while, so check out the free samples by the deli case while you wait"]
["Dave's is directly on my way home from the T, so I stop by a lot. I love this place!\n\nI usually stick to the fresh pastas and sandwiches because they're delicious and a really good deal (I can never eat a whole sandwich on my own, so it's good to have someone to share with). It's always a really hard decision to decide what kind of sandwich to get because they're all so good and there are so many options. The pasta is so good that I often pick up a pound to bring home to my family when I go to visit. I haven't been *as* thrilled with the raviolis, but I think they're just not as much my thing. The assortment of cheeses, sauces, olives, eggs, lettuce, etc. are really great for one-stop dinner party shopping. \n\nThe bread in the white bags (it's the bread usually used for samples and the default for sandwiches) is one of the best deals around in my opinion-- soo tasty and cheap! \n\nThe people are really friendly and helpful if you have any questions."]
["Trust anything and everything you get here to be good, great, delicious and impressive.  It's yummy find in Davis Sq that won't disappoint."]
['Went in based on yelpers reviews. Maybe I hit  it on a bad day, I don\'t know.  I purchased cheese raviolis &amp; marinara sauce with meatballs, and some cheese that they were sampling on that evening. After tasting so many yummy samples of  dips, oils, cheeses, mousse, etc. When I got home with my purchases I could not wait to dig in, could hardly wait for the water to boil.  Getting more excited with each bubble of the boiling water. Then I opened up the ravioli box. The corners of the raviolis appeared dried out (like when raviolis are a day or two old), but I convinced myself they would be fine after boiling. I read the instructions, and set the timer for 7 minutes after the water came to a boil. Check on the ravioli at 5 minutes, nope not done yet. Popped the sauce &amp; meatballs in to the microwave. No one was ever as excited as I was when the timer went off. Drained raviolis, poured sauce over them and added a meatball. I WAS TOTALLY SHOCKED with my 1st bite, and NOT IN A GOOD WAY.  The sauce was WAY TOO salty, so much so I could not eat it. Mind you I can eat Prego/Ragu, almost any commercially sold, store bought salty as hell sauce. The raviolis on the corners never got soft (because they were dried out and OLD), and the meatball which  was hard to pallet but I managed to choke it down because I was hungry. Unfortunately I ended up "tasting" the meatball for several hours later. Over all worse experience with so-called "fresh" pasta. \n From now on I will skip this place head over to Bella ravioli in Medford. Not as trendy, no free samples,  no imports of oil, cheese &amp; such, not @ Bella. Just yummy, and great priced, and FRESH.']
["They have an excellent selection of Italian sauces, pasta, and other things you can use to make an impressive meal. Besides that they have a large sandwich menu including the only place I've seen that has a Mediterranean sandwich that includes tzaztiki sauce, very good."]
['Took the cooking class recently and had a great time.  Anyone who wants to learn how to make great food that is easy to make should try it.']
["Dave's is a great place for their awesome grilled sandwiches, salads(spinach and bree salad with grilled chicken is amazing!), wine selection, pasta, cheeses and their frozen dinner options. You can always find something great for dinner or lunch. I live close by to Daves which is great that they are opening up the side where Cibeline used to be. They will have much more food and wine which will be great. \n\nThe downside to this place is a few of the guys who regularly make/ serve the sandwiches. They are not very friendly even after seeing my roommates and I many times. Other then those few guys the other staff are very nice. Also, it'd be great if they stayed open til 8 or 830!"]
["Great food, but slow. Last time I was in, I waited 30 minutes (!) for a cold sandwich. I could've bought the ingredients myself, walked home, and assembled it myself in that amount of time. I would've, too, if my girlfriend weren't waiting 35 minutes for her (incorrectly assembled-- how dare you miss the prosciutto!) toasted sandwich. Ah, well. It was good, if a bit pricey."]
["What a great place. I've bought their pasta before at Russo's, but I'd never been to their store. They have a wonderful variety of foods, not just pasta-related stuff. And their pasta is great; the ravioli's are my favorites."]
['Someone told me that I would find the "best sandwich of your life" at Dave\'s Fresh Pasta. It really was the best sandwich of my life. In addition to selling (duh) fresh pasta, Daves sells chocolates, cheeses, wines, and freshly-made Italian sandwiches. Prices start at around $7, but for the best sandwich ever - why not?']
['The mushroom raviolis and the goat cheese/carmelized leek raviolis were out of this world!']
["Need a sandwich? Too tired to make dinner? It seems like Dave's has pretty much everything. I often buy pasta and sauce for dinner here and well, I seem to get all the credit for the cooking :) My favourite part about Dave's is that they are serious about their food and wine without being the least bit snobby about it.. All I can say is that is is YUM!!"]
['YUMMY panini sandwiches, great cheese/cold cut selection, and great frozen foods to heat at home.  Wide variety of sandwich selections and combinations - creative without being too funky.  Awesome place to shop for entertaining - great dips, olives, crackers, wines, cheeses...ecclectic and an abundance of flavors and textures - definitely worth a special trip.  We stop here on our way home for sandwiches and salads to bring home and feast on! And for busy folks (especially in the winter), pick up a frozen lasagna or other frozen entree (or soup) to pop into the oven at home - wonderful stuff!']
["I walk past Dave's every day on my way home, but it took me like six months to actually go inside. Well, I'm glad I did! I stopped off on a Friday evening feeling a little down because I knew I'd be spending the evening home alone. I grabbed a big frozen chicken sausage lasagna to make for myself. While I was in line to pay for my food, I was offered a free sample of wine! The shiraz was delicious (and served in an adorable little glass!), the guy who served it to me was really nice, the woman who rang me up offered reheating suggestions for my lasagna, and I can't wait to go back to try some of their freshly made ravioli. I usually prefer to make my own Italian food, but Dave's is reasonably priced ($12 for lasagna for two -- I saved half for later) and super convenient, so it's a great option if you're feeling lazy one night."]
['This place is freaking amazing!!! I highly recommend the caprese with a aranciata San pellegrino.....']
["This place has the best sandwich in Boston - the caprese (pesto, fresh mozzarella, and tomatoes) with prosciutto on fresh pane rustico. Awesome, and everything is prepared with extraordinary attention to detail. And after buying very reasonably priced pasta (cut to your liking) or ravioli to prepare at home, you'll never resort to Contadina again. Samples of cheese, wine, hummus, olives, etc. all the time. Make sure to print out coupons from their Web site."]
['Grilled chicken #1 is the best sandwich they make in my opinion.  Great breads and excellent choices for pastas and sauces.  Definitely a great place for lunch!']
["If only they were open on Sundays.  That's seriously the only gripe I could have about Dave's, and that's my stomach's fault more than anything.  Stupid gut, always craving fresh pasta on a Sunday.  The pasta's always delicious, the wine selection's always good; the bread, sauces, and meats are amazing, and even their little odds and ends section(the honey, fluff, etc. spot between the wine and the food counters) is great.  It's where I found the orange flower water that I needed for my bar kit(and Angostura bitters when there was a shortage months back).  Wonderful, wonderful place."]
["When I first walked in here a year ago I turned around and walked out. Too small. Too disorganized. Too crowded. As a type II diabetic, pasta is not on my usual menu so I never went back until recently. The place is much bigger now. It's still kind of a cluster f*#@ for newbies. The sandwich counter is ground zero and the busiest part of the store. The selection is eclectic and awesome and many opt to take their sandwiches to the outdoor seating. The eponymous fresh pasta is to the right of the sandwich counter. The dough is sheeted and cut to order and the selection is overwhelming. They also have an awesome selection of fresh raviolis sold by the pound. One thing to keep in mind, it is FRESH and while I've heard fresh pasta stays fresh around a week in the fridge, mine got pretty sticky after about 5 days. It's still a bit confusing as after you get your pasta you need to get into the sandwich line where the registers are. The deli has an incredible selection of Italian cold cuts including prosciutto di parma and speck. There are also tons of bread, cheese, oils and the like. It is kind of like an Italian Formaggio but less intimidating. Be 5 star if the layout wasn't a bit confusing to newcomers."]
["Dave's is masquerading as a grocery store, and this is the problem. If you want pasta, beer/wine, or specialty items such as cured meats, then by all means go to Dave's. If you find yourself purchasing anything normal, things you could possibly get at Shaw's or even Whole Foods, then plan to pay at least 50-100% more than a fair price. I like the idea of Dave's, but the prices are a huge turnoff."]
["flawlessly fresh and flavorful, with those enormous savory sandwiches distinct to italian delis and cafes.  wide beverage selection, curious groceries, homemade snacks, and the best garlicky olives ever.  if you're heading to the beach or a picnic, grab some bread and a container of hummus for the perfect rustic meal.  and hey, i haven't even mentioned the namesake pasta..."]
['This place has some great fresh food, I just wish they were open more.']
["One of the reasons I started cooking for myself again, this is _the_ place to go to get any fixings for snacks, lunch or dinner.  Their sandwiches are unique and awesome if you're hungry right then, or just grab some freshly-made ingredients for a meal later on.  My problem is that I always go in too hungry, in which case I buy much too much.  A great place to escape the repetitiveness of college nutritional habits and treat yourself to something savory."]
["Fresh, tasty, and made to order panini sandwiches.  Too large of an order for just one.  It's best to have order something when they have wine tasting day, the staff makes great recommendations and pairings.  I especially love their fresh porcini mushroom ravioli's.  My moy moy thinks they are little pillows from heaven.  My only gripe is you get your meals for takeout, there is way to few stools."]
['One of my favorite "carry out" for dinner at home.  Select the raviolis, pick the sauce, grab some parm or Romano cheese, add a garlic bread, and it\'s like a restaurant at home.  Boil the water, fire up the oven for the bread; dinner in 20 miunutes.  In my younger days, 20 years ago, I would do this and dates would love it.  Always at hit.  ALWAYS!  Now my teenage kids love it, and grade the cheese raviolis the best in the city.']
["I'd love to jump on the Dave's Fresh Pasta rave review bandwagon, but I just can't.  I was there for lunch today at the recommendation of friends as well as many Yelp 5 star kudos.  It was fine, however, I've certainly had much better sandwiches.  I got the lamb panini because it sounded good and the meat was store made.  It was bland and a bit chewy.  My lunch date ordered one of he many turkey sandwich selections which had the opposite problem; way too salty and sort of slimy.  My biggest issue though, was the service.  I counted 16 hipsters working in there. I have a food allergy.  When I inquired about he ingredients of my sandwich the dude helping me could not have been bothered. He had no idea what was the lamb was actually made with seasoning wise nor was he willing to find me anyone who did.  BAD business guys!  Food allergies are real, deal with them appropriately please.  I don't get an upset stomach or hives; I stop breathing. I have been into many restaurants where the managers have politely told me that they can not accomodate me, and I am grateful for their knowledge of the food, their honesty, and their apologies.  So far so good, I am 3 hours out and have not had to use my epi-pen."]
["Great Great Sandwich Shop!!! Affordable huge sandwich that can feed you for two meals.  They put together many creative ideas for you to choose from and grill them up hot and toasty or leave the sandwich room temp.  There are many tasty cold drinks to chose from as well as indoor and outdoor seating.  They also create delicious pasta and pasta sauces to take home for dinner.  They have expanded and sell some fresh locally grown produce, wine and beer.  Don't forget to sample some cheeses to take home with your wine or beer.  Enjoy :D"]
['Love this place!  Amazing cheeses, amazing pastas, amazing sandwiches!  Try the Lemon Artichoke Portabello  Mozzarella sandwich, it is incredible!']
["I went to Dave's tonight for the first time--I've been meaning to go for a while.  It was amazing.  Everything I bought was excellent, and the best part was that it was a really good deal.  I got everything I needed for a 3-course meal for 2--appetizers, pasta and sauce, ready-made garlic bread, and dessert, for around $20.  The staff (it is a very well-staffed place) was all really helpful and friendly but not in an annoying way. I'm so glad I moved closer to Davis, although now I might get fat."]
['on my way home always a temptation but seems like such a luxury. amazingly it is possible to leave there with a $20 gourmet dinner for 2. love love love this place!']
['4 bucks for a pound of fresh spinich linguinie...what a deal!!!! also give the puttenesca sauce and green olive tapenade a try. all tallied, this cost 14 bucks and we added our own salad / bread and made for an awesome, fresh meal at home. better quality pasta and sauce then most restaurants.']
['LOVE this place.  You can get the freshest pasta and sauces for an easy meal at home.  A pound of fresh pasta and a tub of sauce is fairly affordable ~$10 total.']
["This place is absolutely fantastic. Everything I've tried is delicious (I'm a vegetarian and they have great options like the roasted veggie and got cheese sandwich or the spinach/artichoke. Mmmm.... Whether you're buying a made-to-order sandwich for a lunch, sauce and fresh pasta to take home and cook for dinner, everything is delicious. It's fun just to watch them make and cut the pasta for you. They have a fantastic selection of wine that is reasonably priced and am impressive array of cheeses, olives, and other items to nibble. Plus, as others have mentioned, they have some interesting, odd things, like these mini purple flowers (hibiscus, I think) packed in syrup--to add to champagne or wine. The shop is wonderful and the staff are nice and friendly, despite being incredibly busy. The place is always packed and on the weekends, you can barely move through the rooms. But it's worth it."]
["Nothing bad at all to say about this place.  Great pasta, sandwiches, cheese, beer and wine.  I mean, really, what more could you ever need?  All their stuff is local too, which is great.  I'm all for supporting local businesses.  When my girlfriend and I moved out of Somerville we knew we would miss Dave's more than anything else. But we still come back one a month or so because we just can't stay away."]
['more to come... the taste in my mouth is so sour i have to rush to bobs fine food and catering to get a real italian sandwich...\n\nback and full and very happy... not like after dave\'s!  it\'s a long story, bear with me.\n\na friend of mine suggested dave\'s because of my LOVE for a good sandwich from a local shop.  i walked in, looked at the menu and when it was my turn to order i was greeted by the grinch, er, the stout lil woman behind the counter.  i decided to get what i always get at a good italian specialty shop (like sessa\'s), an italian with everything.\n\nthe grinch behind the counter grabs a pre-made sandwich - a pre-made sandwich?!?!?!?! crack-donalds doesn\'t even pre make their sandwiches any more!\n\nso she grabs it, wraps it, stuffs it in a bag and rings me up.  i asked if it has everything?  hots?  oil?  spices?  she says - yeah, everything - thats why i grabbed it.\n\ngee thanks - where is lucy-loohoo, is she back there too?\n\nanyway, i ask if she can add a diet coke to the total and she tells me they dont carry diet coke, no coke products at all in fact.  ok... so i turn to leave.  on my way out i see a cooler full of soda... diet soda.  so i grab one, wait in line again, buy my soda which came in a nice old school glass bottle, with a cap.  so, as the grinch rings me up i ask if it is twist off and it is, so i open it and place the bottle top on the counter.  i was about to ask her if she could throw it away for me when she grabbed it and snidely said, here, let me get that for you, turned and tried to throw it away except it bounced off the rim of the trash can back at her face.\n\ni have to admit, her having to ditch that little bottle cap made me smile.  at this point i took a sip of my $2.00 diet cola - it sucked.  so, i put it back on the counter, slid it towards her and said "this sucks, can you throw this away too?  just don\'t let it bite".\n\nwalked back home... sat down to eat my sandwich and it was dry and boring.  there were NO hots on it, barely any oil and overall it was very  disappointing.  i think i was out of there for right around $10.  for that much money you can go on down to hi-rise bread co. or darwins and get yourself a much better sandwich made with love.  you wont get some pre-made dry piece of roofing shingle.  i mean really dave, subway even makes their sandwiches fresh!']
["as an italian young lady living in somerville, i'm happy that this place is in my neighborhood. the fresh pasta is delicious and reasonable and freezes well. they always have nice olives in here too and a great wine selection. \n\nbelissimo!"]
["I admit, I've only had the pasta so far, but I feel confident that I can base a 5-star review solely on that, such is the glory of their fresh pasta. The addition of their pasta to my meal really enhances the meal by leaps and bounds. If you're having a pasta dish for a dinner party, be sure to stop here for the pasta to really impress. Or hell, just grab some anyway for dinner. You won't be disappointed!"]
['Best place ever!  food awesome, beer and wine selection, great!  and 10% off when you bike there with a bicycle benefits sticker on your helmet...yeah yeah yeah!!!']
["This place is awesome! Their pasta (fresh and frozen) and their fresh sauces are amazing. The ravioli I cooked from there was easily as good as any restaurant's, if not better. And I'm not a good cook. They have a wide variety of flavors and cut the fresh pasta to your specific sizes to order. They also have all sorts of fancy cheeses, olive oils and other stuff.  There are tons of samples for you to try before you buy too. They'll let you sample the pasta before you buy it if you ask. Also, they have mini red velvet cupcakes that are sneaky-good. Be sure to try one of them while you're there."]
["if i could get locked overnight in any of the retail businesses in davis square, i'd definitely pick dave's. first i'd raid the meat counter for a few slices of prosciutto. then id grab some cheeses- bucheron, the english cheddar with chives in it, smoked gouda, and the parmigiano reggiano. also cant forget the olives and the pesto. id definitely grab a loaf of their home-baked bread, some of their cookies that im always eyeing at the counter, and of course the vino. i dont know if its because they have their own sommelier, but their special picks are always good. if you could believe it, ive yet to try their sandwiches (i'll get there, don't you worry), but they earn five starts solely based on their grocery items."]
['LOVE this place. Only wished I lived closer to it. The fresh made-to-order sandwiches are phenomenal. The ready-made food to go is amazing....homemade ravioles in different flavors, different lasagnas and pasta sauce. Plus, homemade pasta. The fridge and freezer section alone is so tempting, I always end up buying more than I intended. You must try this place for lunch or dinner!']
["Delicious fresh ravioli.  Sandwiches/Panini look great.  This is a great cheat dinner when having friends over or for a nice din din for two (nudge nudge wink wink) if you are 1.  not in the mood to cook  2. not that confident or good of a cook.  Meaning: go to Dave's and pick up a lasagna for 2 or 12 or some ravs, grab some greens, bread and sauce and as long as you can heat it up you're good to go.  Dave's supplies fresh pasta to both Russo's and Wilson Farm and Geillio's in Arlington (and I am sure many other places) but you should definitely experience Dave's if it's convenient."]
["I can't say ENOUGH good things about Dave's.  I've never had a bad meal here in the 3 years I've been going.  Their sandwiches are huge and just out of this world delicious.  I would particularly recommend the caprese with prosciutto on ciabatta, or the turkey and cheddar on a baguette.  You can change the pre-designed sandwiches any way you want to add or substitute, you pick your bread, and they're all large enough to eat half now and the rest later.  Their prepared food is also amazing and as the title would suggest, they particularly win with their pastas.  Great place to go for a lunch date now that they've added a few tables inside and snagging the ones outside when the weather is nice is wonderful.  They also always have at least one soup and one hot meal for lunch for the day.  The meal is typically one of their multitude of different lasagnas - again, enormous portions, with extra sauce and bread on the side.  They also have great salads if you want something lighter."]
["Great place for quality sandwiches in Davis Square.  Also yummy soups and salads.  Although I've never gotten any PASTA here, it always looks good as I wait for my sandwich.  There's also a pretty good selection of cheeses here.. especially some of the tasty STINKY variety.  I've always thought that this would be a good stop before a picnic or an impromptu dinner if you want fresh, simple food... If you're brave enough, snack on the free hot peppers they supply while you wait for your sandwich... some like it  spicy!"]
['Wow. Great sandwiches. Amazing pasta and sauces to go. Fun wine selection with knowledgeable staff to assist you with your choices. I am so happy they expanded their space. One of my favorite last minute take out choices.']
["This is where I go get fresh gnocchi to cook at home.  Real gourmet that's cooked like instant noodles! (as long as you can boil water)  I usually get the ones with chives.  I also love their mushroom sauce."]
['Huge sandwiches, very tasty and reasonable.  Not too far off of 93, as were grabbing a sandwich on our way up north.  Solid selection of fresh and frozen pastas.  Oh yeah, make sure you grab a very plentiful Choc Chip/Walnut cookie.  The only problem...not a great place to sit and eat, especially if it is busy.']
["This place saved me the entire last winter. I can't tell you how many 'units' of soup I bought at Dave's, maybe a hundred. And they're all damn good! My favorite is the split pea with ham. And the sauces are good, particularly the arrabbiata. Aside from that, the homemade hummus is a staple of my diet, I like their cornichon pickles, and they've got some fantastic Saint Andre cheese. I've bought the fresh pasta a few times, and it's good stuff, but not the main reason I go there. Every now and then they'll have pumpkin and butternut ravioli, and I'll grab some of those, yum. The staff is awesome, every time. The sandwiches and daily specials have always been outstanding. And they actually want your feedback and listen...very weird. Whenever I want a homemade meal, quick, and I feel like a lazy arse and don't want to cook, I go to Dave's."]
["I'm dying to go back! Dave's Fresh Pasta is a hidden gem that foodies have to get to at least once! It is insanely small, but the merchandise makes me instantly forget about the cramped surroundings. I ate lunch there (yes, I was lucky enough to get a coveted spot at the tiny lunch counter) and have been dreaming of that sandwich ever since! I made my own - chicken, pesto, fresh mozz, cucumbers - amazing! And it was so large I almost couldn't finish it.\n\nThen, I wandered around the store for about an hour. I loved that you could sample products - like cheese, olive oils, dipping sauces, etc. I bought some fresh pasta and a frozen meal of Whole Wheat Lasagna. Both turned out to be great! If you're ever having a dinner party - Dave's is the place to go! They have everything you need (including a very impressive cheese selection) and the staff is very knowledgeable/helpful. \n\nIf you haven't been here yet - what are you waiting for?"]
["Love, love, LOVE this place!  It's such a little treat that unless you're a Somerville local you might just pass on your way through the T stop.  They have the most delicious pasta!  The butternut square ravioli is amazing, and ALMOST as good as the crabmeat and red pepper ravioli.  mmmmmmm!  the pastas are fairly priced, you pay almost as much for the frozen stuff at the supermarket that is not nearly as good anyway."]
["Every neighborhood needs a Dave's Fresh Pasta. It is the perfect place to pick up a delicious sandwich, fresh vegetables for dinner or a great bottle of wine on your way home from work. I love that they source many local products from milk to fruit &amp; vegetables and baked goods. I particularly love the homemade spinach pasta and tomato pasta sauce. The staff is also the best. They are friendly, helpful and very community orientated. I just wish they made sandwiches past 7pm on weekday nights."]
["I'm lucky enough to live nearby and love this place, and now that it has expanded there's just more to love, the food is always delic.!"]
["this review is only for their pasta, i have not had any of their sandwiches...\nso on to the review!\ni have only visited dave's twice, and both times i was unimpressed. the first visit there, i stood there, feeling slightly overwhelmed, and when i asked the person behind the counter for suggestions, they weren't that helpful. i decided to try out their lobster ravioli, because everytime i get it at a restaurant , i've loved it and figured i couldn't go wrong.\nwell, the ravioli wasn't that great. \nthe second time, i was again helped by a not so friendly person, and had originally picked out a stringy pasta, but they were out. so i again chose a ravioli-- artichokes and cheese stuffed. sounded delicious and i knew that all it would require was a light sauce. again, it wasn't that great. we all know that artichokes have leaves that you don't want to eat, but i assumed that they had only used the edible heart for their pasta. unfortunately, i was wrong. ryan and i had to pull out pieces of leaf from our mouths. \nugh.\nwe'll have to find somewhere else for fresh pasta"]
['Great looking place. They had lots of lovely food items on display and it was great browsing. I tried the bocadillo sandwich. Really good, and enormous! I have some ravioli and sauce for tonight. I love that they have multiple flavors of fresh pasta, and cut it the way you want it. Oh yeah - they have samples of a few things already laid out for you, like olives, cheeses, olive oils, and sauces. Very nice.']
['Love this place for fresh-made sandwiches, fresh cut pasta, pre-made lasagna/gnocchi for the freezer, prepared hot foods, and wine recommendations. Great local place...']
['wow. so awesome - reminds me of the italian grocery store my mother used to take us to when we were little before even we gave into supermarket fare... in any case, $5 or so for a pound of inventively flavored fresh-cut pastas is awesome. lots of flavors as daily/monthly specials and in the freezer case. we definitely plan to go back. lots of cheeses and olive selections, but the lack of sundried tomatoes was the one sad point of the visit.']
