["This was my first real time getting pho and it did not disappoint. This place is popular in Chinatown and many friends told me I had to try it. \n\nI came during a weekday at lunch time. We were quickly seated and put our orders in. It was pretty crowded and seemed hectic at the time, but that's pretty typical of this type of restaurant. \n\nI ended up getting a small pho bowl with brisket and rare meat (#20). I was warned that the large bowls are gigantic and the extra large bowls are humongous. This small bowl did the job, and it was only 8 dollars. \n\nOverall, the pho was good. The beef was cooked well and was flavorful. The broth wasn't too salty and tasted delicious. The noodles also were scrumptious even without any added sauces. \n\nThis is a great place for a cheap quick meal. The service is quick but not too friendly. They also forgot to bring my friend her lemonade and she didn't get it until we were done with the meal. However, still a solid lunch. Would definitely recommend if you are on a budget or crunched for time."]
["Perhaps I should have stuck with the pho, which I've had before and was pretty good (a tad sweeter than other versions), but this time we got the pork chop in rice, grilled meat on vermicelli, and crispy spring rolls.  All three dishes were not that tasty or cooked well.\n\nFood:\nPho - definitely stick with the pho next time you are here.  The pho itself was pretty good and met the expectations of a standard bowl of pho.  Given that I love pho, I can see myself coming back here again for it.  Comparing it to Le's in Harvard Square (which I am hugely biased towards, to be perfectly honest :) ), the pho is a bit more oily and sweeter.  The portions and quality of the meat and noodles, though, is comparable.\nPork Chop on Rice and Grilled Meat on Vermicelli - the meat in both dishes (probably done at the same time), was dry and thin with none of the burst of flavor and juice that other Vietnamese restaurants have always provided.  The vermicelli noodles was thick, not the thin ones at Le's, which meant they were doughier and takes up less flavor.  The rice, though, was soft (maybe a little too soft), but was surprisingly sweet!  I would recommend the rice!\nCrispy Spring Rolls - I had the dish as a take-out, so maybe it was just in the box for too long, but the skin wasn't that crispy.  Given how loosely they were wrapped, though, I don't think that made too much of a difference.  The filling was also mushed together, unlike others where the vermicelli noodles, meats, and vegetables are discernible ingredients.\n\nAmbience/Service:\nIt is a standard Vietnamese restaurant and the service is prompt and fast.  Nothing much here!\n\nRecommendations:\nStick with the pho or get a rice dish (I do like that rice a lot) with a saucier meat!"]
["Pho Pasteur is super consistent, has speedy service, and solid pho. The pho broth is flavorful,  but even better with some fish sauce, hoisin and chilis added. It's a bit too salty, but that's to be expected. The portions are huge - even when I'm really hungry I can barely finish my medium sized bowl. \n\n#51 is a great choice - comes with a crispy egg roll, savory grilled pork and vermicelli noodles. One of my favorites.\n\nA friend and I recently ordered the Vietnamese Pancake appetizer with shrimp - he loved it but I thought it was too greasy and hard to eat. Nice to try something new though.\n\nTip - order everything you want (drinks, appetizer, entree, whatever) when the server first comes to you. The place is always crowded, so it can be hard to get their attention."]
['Came here with my boo thang over the weekend. \nIt was after 9pm and the place was packed. \n\nHe was telling me that their beef teryaki will bring you back to the days when you could buy single sticks at the carts downtown. Those were the bomb! \n\nI ordered the bbq pork with an egg over fried rice. \nHe ordered an appetizer where you make your own rice paper wraps. Now that was goood! and fun.']
["Pho Pasteur is one of my go to Vietnamese restaurants in Chinatown. The pho is great, authentic, and fairly cheap. I typically also order spring rolls as an appetizer; also delicious. However I've tried ordering their egg rolls (fried) and that I wouldn't recommend. For $4.50 they're very small and skinny. This seems to be the trend at a lot of Vietnamese restaurants, unfortunately. \n\nThis restaurant accepts credit cards which is great (not all Chinatown locations do). However, the service is maybe a 1/5. The restaurant has always been packed when I've gone, so it's understandable that service is difficult, but in general I get a very unattentive feel from this restaurant.\n\nDespite the service, I'm definitely going back to this restaurant and I continue to recommend it to others. Especially if you're a pho lover, this place is a good bet!"]
['Food: excellent pho in Boston (could be slightly less diluted broth)\nAmbience: crowded, and slightly unclean\nService: during lunch hour, sometimes fast and slow, depends on how many people are in your party\n\nFantastic warm, quickly served, delicious pho, so worth the okay ambience and inconsistent service.']
['Cheap, delicious pho. What more can you ask for? A small bowl of chicken filled me up - i added hot sauce and thai basil and bean sprouts. The food cane out in 10 minutes after we ordered. The only tough part was getting our check. It took about 20 minutes to receive. \n\nThe hot tea was a nice addition as well!']
["By far one of the best pho I had in a while the only thing is the service wasn't up to par ... bit the food hit the spot"]
['Came here as I was looking for a decent Vietnamese place during my weekend trip in Boston. We came here on a Saturday morning. I got the bun bo hue which is spicy beef noodle soup. It was definitely below average coming from a Vietnamese person. I have had bun bo hue over 100 times in my life and this was by far the worst a restaurant has offered. The ingredients were not fresh and it reminded me of instant noodle quality. My girlfriend has the pho and it was sad what she received. The place is also grimey and sticy/icky which I hate. Overall I would say Boston in general does not have a great Vietnamese food scene but this was beyond bad.']
['Had the best bun bo hue ever:D It was flavorful and not too spicy so everyone at the table was able to enjoy it. Would definitely come back for this!']
["The service is pathetic there, let me start by that. To start no one waited on us for a good 8-10 minutes we sat there, we tried to get attention of a staff member who was waiting the table behind us and he blatantly ignored us 3 times even waving in front of him as we just went past us. \n\nThen we got two of orders wrong. We wanted fried vegetables they gave us steamed. After telling them they replaced it and brought the same dish again telling us it's fried, we asked them again to replace as it's not stir fried they just took that dish stir fried the steamed vegetables in a sauce and presented it back. Tired of asking we just had that since it tasted good with the sauce. \n\nThen while we ate the food , half way through the waiter just kept the check next to us without even asking if we need anything else. How rude is that. We saw no one around us got their check before they finished. I get we were discriminated in service because the color of our skin. It was like they never wanted to serve us in the first place. One star for the food that tasted good. I would recommend this place for takeout."]
['My go-to pho place. Fresh pho made everyday. Broth is very tasty but a little too much MSG. A large special beef pho is about $8.50. Worth the price and worth a try.']
["Came here for dinner a few weekends ago with 3 of my friends. The place was pretty crowded, but the turnaround times seemed to be quite quick, as food kept coming out of the kitchen, and checks being settled left and right.\n \n2 of my friends got their phos, another friend got a pork chop over rice dish, and  I got their vegetarian tofu hot &amp; sour soup, which was very odd. I don't think I've ever had a Vietnamese dish that had pineapple in it. Portions were rather large, and at least my friends really enjoyed their meals.\n \nBathrooms were a bit on the scuzzy side, and the service staff seemed flustered when it came to settling the bill. Not the best Vietnamese I've had, but still solid enough."]
["Pho Pasteur, I love you.\nThank you for your ridiculously large bowls of pho, cheap beer, and staying open from 9am to 10:30pm every day. \n\nConsistently delicious and reasonably-priced. Amazingly fast service.\nI get the number 12, extra-large beef noodle soup. It's the best. I can almost always finish it."]
["This place gets packed fast, but because the food comes out so quickly and there are long tables where multiple parties can sit at, you probably won't wait more than 5 minutes unless you're coming in with a large group. This was the third time I've been here, first time for lunch on a weekday, just as busy as usual.\n\nThe bowls come in small, medium, or large sizes, and I felt like the small was a tad too small so would probably recommend a medium in general since it's only like a dollar more. My bowl has less noodles than my coworker's, but maybe that's also because mine came with rare steak, tendon, and tripe and hers was just flank. Like all pho places, they bring a plate with basil, mint, bean sprouts, and lime to add to your soup, as well as hoisin, sriracha, and chili sauce placed with the utensil racks on all tables. \n\nConvenient, decent price, and so delicious on a cold winter day. Also FYI $10 minimum on debit/credit cards."]
['First time trying Vietnamese food, and let me tell you, im hooked, we were in kind of a rush, the server was very attentive and food came out promptly, we had the beef noodles, the broth was so rich, the tenderloin, the tripe, the mix of herbs and  bean sprouts, i added the wedge of lime they give you, a hint of soy sauce and a few drops of Sriracha, we must go back with a lot more time, and try other things in the menu.']
["2.5 stars \n\nWhy\n\n\n- broth: it was pretty flavorless this time for some reason.  Didn't get a hit of spice that I usually smell and taste when eating pho.  There was an evident lack of salt in the soup and I reached for the fish sauce but it wasn't there either. \n\n- meat: still perfectly cooked in the soup\n\n\n- portion: still large\n\nI asked for vinegar onions, but they gave me a bowl of onions in Chinese red vinegar.......... some Vietnamese people eat raw onions soaked in rice vinegar on the side with their pho. This was the wrong stuff\n\n\nIt also took like 8 mins just to get this out\n\nIt looks good in the photo. Doesn't taste that good though"]
["If you are in Chinatown, consider elsewhere.\nThe chicken (soup) was full of gross/bad cuts of meat.\nThe rare beef pho was decent, had better.\nBiggest reason; this place is a ZOO/NUTS when it's busy, so annoying."]
['Huge portions. Love the spring rolls and Lo Mein noodles. Quick and friendly service.']
['Asked to place a drink order twice and they never actually took it.  Bad service, not a fan of that.\n\nLet me also not that I wait ten minutes before asking the first time. And left at the 30 minute mark.']
["Food is good, even compared to Little Saigon in Orange County (CA). Service is awful. They ignore you after your food arrives. You'll ask for something and they just never come back."]
["The food was so disappointing. I had dinner at Pho Pasteur in Quincy and the food was so so much better. \n\nAvocado juice was especially disappointing... there was almost no avocado flavor since they put a lot of ice in it!\n\nCustomer service was also very bad. Waiters were forgetful and unprofessional. \n\nHad a bad meal here. Not recommended.\n\nTrust me I'm Vietnamese"]
["The food here was pretty good, like an average Vietnamese restaurant. I give this place a 2 stars because for one, I almost slipped on piss and fell on my face. The bathroom was dirty and disgusting with pee all over the floor. Secondly, the secondly the service here is trash af. We were staring at the waiters but still didn't get any service until 10 minutes later when we asked the waiters to take our order. I also ordered a red bean smoothie but it didn't come until my meal was already half finished. This place was nothing special, don't think I would ever come here again."]
['Good food but horrible customer experience! Worst ever! \nWe sat there for 20 mins and no server stopped by to place an order. \n\nAND DO NOT EVER ORDER THEIR BUBBLE TEA EVER! It tastes horrible!']
["My go to place for Pho. Decent portions of soup, noodles, and meat in my large Pho Tai (Pho with thin beef slices). Came with a side of bean sprouts, lime, and basil. Was served hot tea (free). The pho is decent but I wouldn't say the broth was very flavorful unfortunately. \n\nDining area is somewhat clean but some of the utensils were a bit sticky. The bathroom wasn't very clean.\n\nService is what you would expect in Chinatown - minimal attention and they subtly try to get you out of there fast during peak meal times."]
['Tasty and Fast! \nI really liked this place, and I come here often. \nLove the XL beef noodle, and the Lomen']
['Great value &amp; plenty of protein. It could get packed lunch time &amp; service suffers, so pay at register for fast checkout.']
["I don't know if you have heard, but Pho is the new ramen. With such a new craze I definitely needed some try out some Pho.\n\nI am only kidding of course. I used to live around the area years ago and Pho Pastuer was my go to place after work because of its affordable prices and pretty good size portions for both dine in and takeout. I have since moved away from the area and haven't had too much of an opportunity to go. I have heard of an uncleanliness by other people, but so far I have been lucky and haven't found anything odd.  The water cups may feel a bit sticky but growing up in a Chicago Chinatown, you learn to accept a few things for more affordable food.\n\nI came here with a friend on a busy weeknight around 6pm and we had to wait a bit to get seated. I went with my go to order of a extra large beef noodle soup with tripe, flank, tendon, rare steak, and brisket. It came with sprouts that were fresh as well as some fresh basil and limes.  The order came out very quickly and I was off to the races eating.  It was pretty filling and definitely satisfied my craving. I have heard that the broth is more flavorful in other restaurants which i have tried, but Pho Pastuer definitely has the bigger portions which is a win in my book and the flavor is still flavorful in my opinion.\n\nThey were pretty busy and brought the check to us without asking which if I had wanted to stay longer, maybe I wouldn't have appreciated that, but it is Chinatown and they do need the tables so I had no problem with it.\n\nCome by if your looking for a quick, satisfying meal."]
["This is the go-to place on a very cold evening. I enjoy eating at the pho noodles with brisket tripe and egg noodles in this wonderfully beef broth soup. It gets pretty crowded everyday and maybe a slow time would be after 1 o'clock. I believe that they take pride in their food it is also fairly cheap and you get your money's worth . The atmosphere  is very casual and could be a little less cramp and they should modernize the restaurant."]
['Hi I\'m Minh\n\nI know what you\'re thinking. "Hey it\'s chinatown, I have no idea where anything is but let\'s try this place on the corner of a main street! It\'s won all those awards in the past so it must be good!"\n\nPast awards is the correct term sadly...\n\nThis place used to be the bee\'s knees when I was just a young lad in Chinatown. This might have been my favorite place as a kid but nowadays it\'s honestly trash compared to other places around. I\'ve been here many times and I really don\'t know why you would not go to pho hoa or DK.\n\nI ordered the extra large pho dact biet, which ran me 11~$?????\n\nHold up fam. If you\'re going to charge that much for pho in an area like Chinatown, you must be high. Even though It\'s legal in MA to have the stuff around, someone better take kush away. The meat was super unflavored and the broth was a very generous helping of MSG and water. Maybe because I\'ve held this place to a high standard but this is not a place you should be eating in while exploring Chinatown.']
["this place is BUSY. its in chinatown and parking is obviously very hard so come here by public transportation if you REALLY want pho.  the restaurant is packed, and a lot of single or two person parties come in here. not really great for large groups.  got the beef noodle soup with brisket and round eye in a large.  the broth here is definitely different than Le's in Allston, and I think it might taste better.  but the brisket was really fatty and i didnt like that.\n\nthis place is definitely good for a quick and delicious bowl of pho, but not worth the trek just to eat it because chinatown is so hectic."]
["We lived in the Boston area for over 15 years, and Pho Pasteur was one of our favorite restaurants in the downtown area for good, relatively inexpensive food. I've been back twice in the last couple months after having moved away for 3 years. \n\nIt's not what it used to be. \n\n\nService has always been indifferent, but this time it was bordering on completely ignoring us. Several items we asked for were simply disregarded. There were 4 guests and we were given 3 teacups. The food wasn't anywhere near as good. The lettuce was spotty, the sprouts browning at the ends. The pho was lukewarm, the floors filthy. I don't know if it was a bad day or if it's under new management, but this is not the Pho Pasteur I knew and enjoyed. I had a similar experience when I stopped in last, but it was just myself so there was very little to get wrong save my Pad Thai being tepid and the vegetables being undercooked. \n\nIt's turning into just another low-end sketchy restaurant. I cannot recommend it anymore."]
["We had Bo Ga and it reminded us Hanoi- cheap , very tasty food.\n\nPlace was packed so service took some time , but that's a minor thing"]
["Nice place, a lot of seating. The food was alright, not amazing. This is the second pho restaurant that I tried in Boston and in my opinion, it's not something I crave for. It's very similar to the pho I have in New York. It was a nice experience but this is not my favorite place for pho in Boston. I did not like how thickly cut the fresh beef was in the pho. I could not even chew it because I'm so used to thinly sliced beef in pho. They do have a lot more on the menu so this review is solely based on their pho."]
["Pho here was been progressively losing quality. Broth is now bland and barely hot when they serve it. Not hot enough to even cook all the meat. Even the noodle quantity has been steadily getting less.\n\nWhen it came to pay, I had to ask 3 times and wait 15 minutes to get my check. THREE TIMES!! Ask my server and he said he'll get it. Disappears. Guy across from me finishes, asks for check and pays. Leaves. I ask the other waiter for my check.... and I wait. The couple across the aisle asks for their check and gets it. The second waiter goes back to playing on his phone, as is the cashier woman. At this point, I'm still waiting for my check. Debating if I should just walk out. Ask for the 3rd time with a third waiter and 5 minutes later it finally shows up. \n\nService here is garbage at best. The 3 times I visited in the past year they have been pretty consistent at providing shit service. Apathetic waiters, rude, no sense of professionalism. They even restock chopsticks and spoons on the carousel right over you while you're eating. They never smile, they never ask how the food is, they just don't care about the customers. \n\nThe only thing going for it is the lack of good pho places in Boston and they are in a convenient location."]
["At first I was apprehensive because of the area this place is in but me and my friends decided to go for it anyway. We waited for a little too long to order and we noticed that the waiters seemed to be favoriting regulars above us, but after about 15-20minutes we were finally able to order. The wait for the food itself was pretty short and when our food came it looked great. Fortunately it tasted even better. I had Pork Chow Foon and I also tried my friends' vegetarian dish and beef pho. All the dishes were full of flavor and super filling. By the time I finished my food I was ready to be carted out to the nearest mattress store. The three of us also ordered the coconut red bean, jackfruit, and lychee smoothies respectively. They were refreshing and incredibly appeasing. If you're in Boston and craving the taste of the Far East I would definitely recommend Pho Pasteur."]
['This is one of my favorite places when I come to Boston. It is inexpensive, service is fast and most of all the food is always good. One drawback is that sometimes the service seems impractical but I can deal as long as the food is good....nice time.']
["It's nice and air conditioned. Will get busy during lunch rush. Went to Vietnam last year, very authentic. Give it a go! You won't be upset. Prices are reasonable too."]
["Since coming to Boston 5 years ago, this has always been my go-to pho place. In fact, I have never tried any other pho places in the area just because I've been loyal to this establishment. I think that is about to change. On my last visit to Pho Pasteur, the broth seemed to lack that beef/bone marrow flavor that pho is famous for. To achieve any flavor in the broth, I had to add a 3 spoonfuls of hoisin sauce to my small pho bowl. The beef slices were slightly tough and chewy, not tender and melt in your mouth like I remembered it. \n\nIt is sad when a restaurant relies on its former reputation and past accolades. Don't be fooled by the Yelp and TripAdvisor stickers on the door anymore, the quality has since suffered."]
["The best pho outside of New York I've experienced and perhaps the closest thing to Seattle-style fresh off the boat pho on the east coast. You know it's good when the entire Chinese crowd from the nearby convention flooded the place and had a line down the street, even past the dumpling door.\n\nThe pho itself is delicious, though it lacks the sweetness I've come to expect of suburban pho. Which is how I like it, making it all the more treasured whenever I'm in Boston. If you're expecting to drive here you're never going to find parking in the city, we had to spend 40$ on a spot down the street and walk a few blocks to get there. So, 40$ for parking and 8$ for a family sized bowl of glorious pho. You decide.\n\nPersonally, this was the best tripe I've ever had in my life and even the tendon - a part I tend to avoid in pho because it's rarely served right - was absolutely perfection here. I was impressed enough to bring others as the line died down, even ran into some friends inside - apparently this is the go-to spot for people who know good pho in China Town.\n\nMy only complaint, if it could even be called one, is the lack of a more French menu. Which is absolutely fine for a place that specializes in pho. \n\nGood staff, solid food, great prices. Pho is 15$ a bowl in Connecticut, consider yourselves lucky!"]
['Super quick service, good prices, fantastic pho. \n\nOrdered and our food came out within 5 minutes. They also serve you hot tea when you sit down which is very nice. The small is large enough for average person!\n\nFavorite Pho place in Chinatown!']
["The best vegetarian pho I've tried in Boston so far! It's usually super busy at night but their service is quick. I got the regular pho but the portion size is bigger than most places. The pho is especially tasty on a cold snowy or rainy day (which comes pretty often here haha). \n\nI have gotten pho delivered from Pho Pasteur before but I definitely prefer eating it at the restaurant. It wasn't warm by the time I got it and the portion size was smaller."]
['Good food at a cheap price. Try the beef noodles. The spring rolls are kinda sad. Really crowded but its worth it']
['This is good Vietnamese food if you grew up in suburban America and don\'t know what Vietnamese food is. Pho Pasteur is deceptive because it looks really busy all the time. But, the food is not very authentic or even good. The service is just as terrible if not worse. The waitstaff rarely make eye contact with you. If you need something, you need to flag them down with both arms. I can get better service at a hilly billy ho-down on a hot August afternoon.\n\nMy mama always says..."Want good Asian food? Look inside. Many Asian...good Asian food!" When I look inside Pho Pasteur, I see White people...']
["When I give a restaurant a one star, it means they really screwed up. I don't usually rate this low for fun. \n\nI ordered the spicy chicken vermicelli soup. It took awhile to come out. My husband and friend received their orders about 10 minutes before me. When my ordered did come out and I began to eat it, I found 3 tiny insects in it (see picture). I was so repulsed that I called over the manager and asked him to take away my meal. I told him I didn't want a replacement because I didn't trust any of their food, since the food I got was infested with insects. \n\nWhen we received the bill, this establishment had charged us for the soup regardless of the insect infestation. My friend didn't want to deal with talking to them further since it was impossible trying to get anyone's attention so he paid the bill.  And to add insult to injury, the bathrooms were so filthy. I couldn't even go to the bathroom there. I just held it until I got home. \n\nI will NEVER come here again...EVER."]
["Generally decent place, though not as nice as the pho places that have closed down in the past. The broth is a bit salty, and the cuts of meat are a bit tough. It's generally cheap though if you need a quick meal in C-town. Look forward to trying the non-Pho stuff."]
['Used to be my favorite place for vermacelli not this location, two that closed on Newbury and at the Atrium.\nQuality is not the same or the taste especially,\n if you let it get cold.']
["This was my pho place when I went to school in Boston. Whenever I was craving pho and was in Chinatown this is the place that I would stop at to get my fix. Honestly, it is not that amazing and definitely not the best pho I ever had but it gets the job done. The place itself is decently sized so I usually do not have to wait for a table but it does get packed during lunch time on weekends. The service is not amazing but it is not horrible either, the food comes out pretty quick as well which I like. \n\nThe pho actually comes in multiple sizes which I was pretty surprised since usually the pho places I go too has about two sizes maximum, but I think it's pretty good since you get to choose how much pho you want depending on how hungry you are. The soup base is pretty good, not the best that I have had but it is not the worse. Some of the other dishes were pretty disappointing for me and I try to stick with the pho as it has never went wrong for me."]
['Pretty good pho for the price and portions. Keep in mind that it is cash only if your meal was under 10 dollars.']
["If you've read any of my other reviews, you know that asian food is very important to me when I travel. There's just something in me that prefer having some asian food in between everything else I stuff in my face! Pho Pasteur is located inside Chinatown and pretty close to other Vietnamese restaurants so they have quite some competition. \n\nFood: #19: Pho with their rare beef and brisket (L) - $8.50. First off, it was a very cold day, so my friends and I were hungry for some soup. We originally wanted to order the XL, but the server pointed out to us that the large sized bowl is well portioned. We decided to go with that. However, when the dish came out, we immediately wished we ordered the XL. The broth was delicious and the beef was good (was not as tender as I'd like). Nonetheless, it was a good bowl of pho. We also ordered their iced coffee. I was not a fan because it had a thick consistency and felt like I was drinking coffee syrup. I waited an hour for the ice to melt, hoping that the drink wouldn't be as thick. Sadly, there was no difference and after just a few sips, I had to toss the drink. \n\nOverall, the service was good - they forgot our drinks until we had to ask for them. The place is clean. The food is good. I am giving them 3 stars because it's not the best I've had."]
["Came here for lunch on a weekend trip to Boston. Heard from a friend who lives in Boston that this place has the best pho in town and it has bun bo hue. Ate bun bo hue which I thought was a decent 3/5.\n\nFound a hair in my bun bo hue which is why this is a 2 stars. I took it out and ate the bowl anywhere. When I told a staff that looks like a manager and she apology and ask if I want a different bowl. I don't want to waste food so just finished the bowl. I told her she should better train her staff as other people would throw a fit."]
["I have to agree with Hitashi D. When I moved to Boston last year, I was told by a local friend that the best pho was at Pho Pasteur. Wow. Was that friend wrong. Exactly what Hitashi D. said--bland, flavorless, lukewarm broth. The noodles were also mediocre. At least the meat was plentiful, but does it matter if the broth isn't hot enough to cook it?\n\nIf you want better pho, my girlfriend loves the cinnamon-y broth at Noodle Barn in Jamaica Plain. I prefer Pho Pasteur's former cousin restaurant, Le's, in Harvard Square. It's not the best, but at least it's consistently solid."]
["My favorite thing about this restaurant are their pho portions. I normally get the small seafood bowl, but it's always packed with noodles and seafood ingredients unlike other places in Chinatown that tend to skimp. I was amazed that they gave me so much meat and was absolutely delighted! \n\nService here is quick. They get really busy all the time so they like to do things fast. Certain servers also tend to be nicer than others so it's hit or miss with service. \n\nOverall though, I'm a fan, and the prices are pretty good too."]
["Ehh. Just okay, but huge portions. I'll probably go back more since I've just started to work in the area, but I was not wowed. Maybe because I got bun instead of pho? I'll have to try again and see. \n\n-super large so good for groups\n-humongous portions, especially if you dine in"]
['The best place. I love it for any occasion: bad day, cold day, hungover, lonely, quick fuel, feel good day. It may be packed but never takes long to get a table. They also serve food super fast.']
["Phenomenal pho! I ordered the 13 (L beef medley of the sorts).  Portions are BIG. Most tender meat and tastiest Pho broth I've had to date! The place was unbelievably packed- I sat with a stranger ha! Also took too long to get someones attention for the check. Would absolutely go back but prefer a smaller crowd, may do takeout next time I stay at the W in Boston if it's a regular dining hour."]
["I'm a fan, this place is usually packed which is always a good sign and the food is really good. I always buy the same thing and never leave disappointed. The only reason I can't give them a 5/5 is because they have terrible service. Like the food in my opinion is good enough to make up for it, but it cannot go without being said. The waiters just kind of come and go without actually checking to see if your needs are taken care of and it feels more like fast food than a restaurant at times. That being said, if someone is looking for some quality Pho in chinatown then this is where I would bring them."]
['Very delicious Pho! Not as tasty as my favorite spot in San Diego, but delicious none the less.']
['Great pho. Great place to sit down and eat. Quick service. Decently quick for pick up. Friendly staff.']
["I love this place. Sometimes the service isn't that great but it's understand since they're very busy and always running around. The only negative experience I had here was when I went with s group of friends. We all ordered different variations of the original pho but when we asked which one was which the waiters had no idea and couldn't tell the difference between their own food. The food is not phenomenal but is definitely up there and hits the spot."]
['Authentic delicious food, especially pho. The service is mediocre.  \n\nParking: It is likely better to take public transport to this location. There is a Chinatown subway station near by.  \n\nLocation: Right in the middle of Chinatown Boston. \n\nService: Meh.  The servers are not really friendly here. Though it is super busy, the food did come out pretty quickly.  However, to obtain the check took forever.  Also, water refills never came out.   \n\nAtmosphere: Busy and hectic, lots of awards on the walls.  \n\nFood/drinks: I ordered the pho, which was amazing, plus a bowl of rice.  The pho was hot, veggie-rich, with tofu, and it had all the appropriate toppings to add.  I loved every bite!  \n\nCost: The cost was very reasonable, compared to what I pay in Phoenix.']
["This place is pretty good. Most people go there for pho, but they have a large menu with a lot of options. My husband likes going there for the beef noodle soup, which has pieces of beef and tripe. I'm not a big pho fan and I'm also a vegetarian, but this place still has a lot of options for me. On our most recent trip, I tried one of the tofu vermicelli dishes and really enjoyed it. Everything tasted very fresh. They also have better healthy options than a lot of the restaurants that we typically go to - my dish consisted of rice noodles, tofu, and vegetables that were steamed and was served with no sauce on the dish itself, but a vinegar-based sauce on the side so you can use as little or as much as you like. We also really like their smoothies...I loved the durian one! My only complaint is about the service. the place gets very, very busy at dinner time, and it can be difficult to get someone's attention if you need something else or when you're ready to leave and trying to pay."]
["Second review for pho pasteur. The servers aren't particularly nice to you, but they definitely get you want you need. My pho was warm to room temperature (ew) so I requested to have it reheated. I generally dont like to ask for things like that, but I need pho to be HOT. The server kindly took my food and brought it back piping hot. That rocked."]
['Had my favorite go to dish and got sick within 15 minutes of leaving restaurant. It was a sad night. Feel nervous about going back ever again for my favorite dish. Raw veggies not washed properly or left out all day?']
['Came here on a Friday night (9pm) with my boyfriend and that being our first  time in Boston, decided to go to Chinatown and have vietnamese food.  Our server just took our orders, gave our food and left us. Not even once checking if we needed anything else or if our waters had to be refilled. We had a missing order that we had to ask for from another server since he was nowhere to be found.  The food was good though, the chicken noodle soup was amazing and so was the grilled pork. Service could be so much better.']
["I've been to this place plenty of times, most recently yesterday during my lunch break. It was a gloomy, rainy, day and I was wicked hungover...so Pho just seemed like my best bet. I dragged my coworker along, it was his first time ever being there or having Vietnamese food. \n\nHe ordered a rice plate (BBQ pork chops, rice, and fresh veggies) &amp; I had the Pho Dac Biet. He finished EVERYTHING off the plate. He said the pork chops were perfectly seasoned. And of course, the Pho was everything I needed and more at that moment in time. \n\nService was quick and friendly."]
["This place is a hit and miss! Although I have a fixed choice on menu that i try and i know that i could digest even if the dish goes wrong. One of such dishes is the chicken curry noodle soup. It's truly perfect in size and in what they add to the soup. So. Dang. Good! If you are  expecting a friendly service from here then this place ain't it for you. Gets packed pretty quick, food is delivered fast. Expect to get sandwiched shoulder to shoulder inside and on busier days be prepared to share your table especially if you are on a bigger one. Get your order, dig into your food and get the hell outta here, that's the motto of this sit-in restaurant. My go to choices are curry noodle soup, wonton soup and the milk tea (love the lychee &amp; Taro flavors). Oh yeah i forgot to mention all about Vietnamese coffee. If you know you are gonna have a long day i would definitely recommend their coffee, pretty strong in flavor and keeps you going all day!!"]
["mediocre vietnamese food. \n\npho ga - ugh, this is so americanized. broth could use a lot more flavor and it's served with only white meat. dry and bland. but the bowl is huge, i'll give them that. \n\ncom thit nuong bi cha - chargrilled pork rice plate, overall this isn't bad. the meat has a good char on it, albeit slightly overcooked, and i liked the egg cake that came with it. \n\nthe portions are large and the prices are fair. don't expect mind blowing food here but it's good enough to satisfy a lunch craving."]
['This place is special, a true Boston institution. This best of its kind for Pho beef, or chicken noodle soups etc should be treated as such due to the quality of food, large portions it serves and prices that are very reasonable. In its very causal vibe atmosphere, you are allowed to order quickly, chow down, and be out the door promptly onto wherever you are heading.']
["Came here for dinner today. I got the large beef pho and it was very delicious and inexpensive ($8.50). The small was $8.15 so it wasn't much of a price difference. The bowl is definitely much larger, however, I do feel that it was mostly just more soup, rather than actual noodles. Overall, it was very flavorful and there was a good amount of food for the price. I would definitely come here again. There's also a $10 minimum for a credit card purchase, so that was a bit of a bummer."]
["Good solid Vietnamese food.\n\nNo frills, no tablecloth, and hardly any service. Servers aim for efficiency and speed, which is fine by me. Food comes in huge portion, tasty, and piping hot.\n\nPho Dac Biet is my go-to comfort food in the cold winter month. The beef broth at Pho Saigon is on the darker side. Personally, I would prefer the lighter, sweet beef broth at other pho's restaurant but Pho Saigon's version is good for the area. (Note: I am still sad xinh xinh is gone)\n\nMy sister went for the bun ga, grilled lemongrass chicken vermicelli salad. She loves the fresh vegetables and grilled chicken in the vermicelli salad.\n\nOther good eat at the place, go for their pork chop rice plate. Many patrons also get their stir fried noodle dishes."]
["There are two things I think about when I think about Vietnam.  First, the war.\n\nThe war is significant because we took quite a drumming in the jungles of Vietnam.  The National Liberation Front used the jungles to play mind games with our boys.  They gave us so much trouble that Navy SEALs had to be invented just to match the guerrilla warfare of the indigenous fighters.  I wouldn't be surprised if I found out that the Liberation fighters were fueled by pho.  And that is the second thing I think about when I think of Vietnam: Pho.\n\nPho is perfect in almost every regard.  It's a soup but it's substantial.  It's appropriate for any type of weather.  It's flavorful and it can be as spicy or as mild as you wish.  It's healthy.  The ingredients are almost always fresh.  It's the only food I know of that can improve the state of a hangover.  And finally, like a guerrilla, it's badass.  The greens and sprouts are chock full of nutrition.  And there are strips of intestine, tendon, and flank ripped off various parts of an ill-fated cow liberally thrown in.\n\nThe beef is rare and the tripe has so much character it looks like the calcium carbonate wall of coral.  And the tendon.  Do you know what a tendon is?  It's one of the toughest tissues in the body.  It's packed with collagen fibers and gives us our ability to absorb impact.  It's a bright white tissue that is so hard it's almost like bone, except it softens when you cook it, leaving behind a perfectly chewy piece of meat that adds a gelatinous consistency to the pho.  This comes from the cooked collagen fibers that literally turn into gelatin when cooked slowly.  \n\nPho Pasteur does all this so well, I couldn't possibly do them justice in a mere Yelp review.  I just know that when I get a mouthful of slightly rubbery tripe, chewy tendon, and still-mooing beef, it's like throwing off my Clark Kent outfit and putting on a pair of tight red underpants and cape.\n\nThe more I think about it, the more I realize that pho is a tribute to the country and its tough citizens, possibly even the Liberation Front.  Its lush multitude of greens bring the jungle to your table.  And the meat are the soldiers and natives of the jungles: Many strips of meat in their prime, tendons, and plenty of guts.  Some of them you see right in front of you and others reveal themselves the deeper you go.  It's history in a bowl.\n\nBecause I have an appreciation for the culture and history of the country and its tough citizens, I can excuse how aggressive the staff is.  I can't call them rude because they're not being rude.  They're just tough as nails.  It would be like taking offense at a lioness wanting to eat you.  I can't bring myself to use that as an excuse to take away even one star."]
["The place is always packed but thank goodness the wait is usually not long. \n\nThe service is not that great. They want you to know exactly what you want. They appear annoyed if you are asking too many questions. \n\nThe pho is good and that is what counts. We were all happy with our beef noodle soups. The spring rolls were good. The fried quails were just ok, not something I would order again. We didn't care for the beef chowfoon as it was too sweet."]
["I used to love this place. \n\nCame in for dinner around 9:15PM before going to the theatre, and we were seated immediately with another couple when there were unoccupied tables around. The whole time we were there, the couple kept looking at our food, and we spent most of our time listening to them trying to tell the waiters that their order was messed up, or it was not what they wanted. \n\nWe were given a menu to look at after seating, and we ordered the Seafood Fried Lo Mien and Curry sautéed Chicken breast with veggies. The seafood lo mien barely had seafood in them; there was probably about three slices of squid, one piece of shrimp, and the rest was all vegetables on top of the fried noddles. As for the curry sautéed chicken breast, the chicken was uncooked, and again, there was more of vegetables than chicken. \n\n\nWhat really upset me was that they were talking rudely about technicians in the cosmetology field among each other loudly while serving us, and even while serving other tables. I was offended and uncomfortable. The last thing that got me storming out of the restaurant was that they took our payment and did not give us our change back. One of the girl came over and rudely asked if we needed anything else, and I informed her that we were waiting for our change. She made a nasty look and snickered something to the other person. \n\nTo the restaurant, \nI am not Vietnamese, but I do speak and understand the language. Also, please filter what you have to say about other people's occupation."]
['Good Pho on value and quality. I got the special big pho bowl. They loaded up with beef and tendons.  The soup are on the salty side for my taste. A good meal for the afternoon.']
['Pho broth is water here, noodles come out mushy, and the egg roll was just not good. \n\nI think you can find better food elsewhere.']
["Heads up: although the actual bowl of pho is smaller than usual (comparing size S between this place and others) they give you SO much meat relative to other restaurants. The soup is very good and doesn't give me a headache or anything like some pho with MSG does."]
['Poor service, unappetizing food, generally let down experience. But bonus points for being super quick!']
["Pho place that won lots of awards in Boston? I had to come try it. Turns out it's pretty good. They have some big bowls and ingredients that can compare with pho places everywhere. Compared to Houston, Austin, and Denver pho, it's sub par but still a very good place to eat. I got the specialty #12 and it came with everything and it was pretty good. If your looking for organic/ natural msg free, this is not the place. Otherwise this is your Boston pho stop. Quick service and clean tables. Can't ask for much more"]
['Best pho restaurant in Boston. Hands down. They just opened a new location in Quincy due to a popular demand. After checking out the new location, I was also pleased by the consistently delicious bowl of pho, appetizers, and their main entrees. Service is always improving and the place has a positive atmosphere every single time. Highly recommend to check this place out. Great for single, two, even a big party. \nThey are always open!']
["Standard chinatown pho shop with terrible service and delicious beef broth. The actual beef however was tasteless. The raw beef slices are really thick and bland making me wonder if its defrosted hot pot meat. Regardless it's one of the good pho places around town and would probably return."]
['Broth is good but not quite hot enough. Service is not great but not too surprising. Overall one of the better pho places in Boston.']
["Oh, how the mediocre have fallen... Once Best of Boston, now just a fading newspaper clipping of 8 year old citations in the window.  I can't figure out why, as there's not a whole lot of Viet food in c-town.  But, wow, it's a very disappointing experience now.  Yet, I kept trying.  Last night was my last attempt. \n\nFirst thing you notice is that the servers are all huddled at a table playing cards.  Seriously?  Ok, it was late. Then, after 10 minutes the server comes over with a snarky crank-face and is rushy-rushy and plain frigging rude. Now, I've been a Vietnamese food fan for decades, and I KNOW to lower expectations when it comes to service, but Pasteur has taken it to comedic levels.  \n\nThen the food, it's hard to explain, but I think the word is insipid. It's not bad, exactly.  It's just not that great and it seems to be getting worse.  I've taken a friend here several times over the last 2 years and it's been on the decline fo' sho. \n\nLuckily, I know where the best Viet food is in Boston and it ain't in Chinatown.  With way better parking."]
['A good place to get a huge bowl of tasty pho. However, the service will disappoint you. The waiters will not spend time waiting even a second. You can say one word and they will scurry away. They try to act quick, maybe too quick for that matter. I asked the waiter to start our table off with appetizers. So, when I said one dish, he left right before I could even order the second dish. This happened multiple times throughout the lunch when things were needed.']
["This is my go to place when I want chicken soup, the weather is bad, want hot and sour soup, when I don't feel 100%,  when I just want......the soup is the best and wonderfully fresh and hot, soothing and delicious!  Actually, I go anytime I want good food!  Stop in and visit.  It is worth the wait!"]
['The food was good, the pho is pretty authentic. Me and my boyfriend both got the Dac Biet beef pho, large which makes us pretty comfortably full (their sizes are small, large, then x-large). The broth was delicious, but it was not hot at all. Our rare steak hardly cooked even after immediately putting it under the broth. They do give a good amount of meat and I appreciate that. \n\nThe service was quick - they turn tables really fast, but the service is horrible. Gave us maybe 3 minutes to look over our menu and then never came to our table (except to deliver us the food) until we had to raise our hands to finally get our check. We know that snapping, raising our hands, etc is quite rude in the food service industry but we waited such a long time and were clearly done with our food. \n\nOnce we got the bill, we waited another 15 minutes before we knew we would be there ages. So we stood up with the bill and our card to go to the front and pay there. As soon as we stood up and walked a couple steps, dirty looks from the servers were given to us and a server ripped the bill and card out of my boyfriend\'s hand and brought it to the front. There they made him sign in such a rush. He hardly had time to look it over and write the tip and total because they just kept saying "sign it, sign it." Then when he did, one of the servers asked, "did you leave tip on the table?" because my boyfriend didn\'t have time to even write tip. He wrote the tip (as they were peering over him to see how much he would write, which is RUDE). \n\nTLDR: food was pretty good, service was downright HORRIBLE. They demand tip (and good tip too) for not refilling waters, never checking up on us once, and being absolutely sharp and ill-mannered.']
["An out of town we that has married into Vietnamese and Pho Pasteur was exactly what I was hoping for. We tried a few different things and everything had a very clean Vietnamese flavor to it. The service leaves some to be desired, but that is almost to be expected. They're here to serve you food and that is it and that is what they do. No frills no extras. As long as you're okay with minimalist service this is a great place to go."]
['Went here with a friend to grab a bite to eat for an early dinner on a Sunday. Thought this place is usually packed during peak hours, we were able to grab a seat right away.\n\nTo start off the meal, we went with an order of the egg rolls. These were easily my favorite part of the meal as they were very tasty and had just the right amount of crunch.\n\nFor our main meal we went with an order of chicken lo mein, chicken with sautéed vegetables, and young spare ribs.\n\nThe chicken lo mein was decent and had a lot of chicken and vegetables with the noodles. The chicken with sautéed vegetables was pretty similar in flavor to the chicken lo mein and also featured a large portion of chicken and vegetables. The young spare ribs were probably our least favorite dish of the night as they were a little fatty and hard to eat around the bone.\n\nOverall, the food here was decent, but nothing to write home about. Unfortunately, the service here was not super friendly and when we were trying to get the bill, it was pretty difficult to track someone down. Nevertheless, this place is a staple of Chinatown and definitely gives you good bang for your buck.']
["The service was pretty bad and the food was mediocre. I had the vermicelli and the shrimp in my dish was tasteless and the pork was poorly cut and gristly. When I paid my bill, they took my credit card and didn't return it for a solid 10 minutes."]
["Usually packed, we caught a window during snowfall, mid-week, that was surprisingly easy to get a seat! Service was not ultra attentive, but in such a casual setting, we weren't really expecting it to be, anyways. On this cold winter night, we were not there to chat up our server, but to warm up on some pho!\n\nNow, I am not expert on pho, but I ordered the Pho Ga (chicken pho) and my friend the Tai (raw beef and broth), and we found them both hot, flavorful, and delicious. Mine had lots of great chunks of white chicken meat, too. We also took a swing at the Chao Tom, shrimp cakes, which neither of us had ever tried, and they were delicious! \n\nThis is not a spot of fine dining and top tier service, but if you are looking for a comfortable, quick, and and tasty meal that gives you a lot of bang for your buck, this is a place worth trying! (Especially if the line is not absurd!)"]
['Had the X-Large Pho Beef soup. It is HUGE! And loaded with meat and noodles. Basil was extra large as well. If you in the mood for any type of Vietnamese cuisine I would highly recommend this place. They were incredibly busy so the service sort of sucks.']
['This is my second time trying pho and this one so far is the best one lot of flavor and big portions. The place is clean and service is fast. Good food to enjoy. Well done pho pasteur']
["Don't expect super polite service here unless you want to be severely disappointed. \n\nCome here for a quick and reliable bowl of pho. If you are also carb addicts like my boyfriend and me, ask for the XL bowl with extra noodles (+$1.00).\n\nNo one's gonna judge."]
["Had pho #12. Average at best. Keep in mind I may be a bit more critical than the average patron having been spoiled by the great phos in San Jose area. I would probably have given it 4 stars had it been not for the last second experience; I didn't even put down my spoon and one of the workers there handed me the check asking me to leave right away because they needed my table for other patrons ! Personally, I never had that happened to me. At least not quite like that. I understand this is not a french restaurant and I did not expect to be pampered but still... \n\nProbably worth at least a try if in the area and hungry - given the portion size/price ration and fairly quick service (at least in my case). Bon apetit !"]
["This is my favorite place to go to for Pho in Boston! I really dig the broth that they use--it's light but just enough flavor, and you can totally feel free to add a hint of lime, which I absolutely love doing. Most folks enjoy getting their pho with the signature set of meat (brisket, tripe and rare steak), but I usually go for the only brisket and steak. \n\nTheir prices are awesome and the service is efficient. Definitely not the place that shines for their vibe and cleaniness, but their food is totally worth it!"]
["This is my spot I come to when I want pho.  It's not amazingly good or anything, but it's quick, cheap, and hasn't given me any issues yet.  I've come here enough that I've been recognized before so it might be why the wait staff are a little more friendly, but they seem to be okay in general. \n\nI usually get pho Dac Biet which I think is good here, sometimes ordering some spring rolls.  Like I said, I haven't had any qualms here or will probably come here within the next week for my fix of pho"]
["Best pho in town!\nThese guys rock! Place is packed 24/7. You come in for lunch - they are busy, come in for dinner - it's packed. Food is really good and prices are reasonable."]
['This restaurant is pretty big and serves up a range of Vietnamese dishes. We stopped by for lunch on a Saturday and it was quite busy. The wait staff seemed a bit disorganized so we had to flag them down when we were ready to order or if we needed water. The pho had good flavor but unfortunately was not very hot! It felt like they had the broth sitting off the burner for a while. The vermicelli with grilled pork and egg roll was pretty good. I liked the mix of ingredients in the bowl, but the only downside was that the meat was rather dry and tough.']
['If I could give less than a star I would..\n\nI found in their soup. \n\nA. Plastic\nB. Moldy pepper\n\nSo if the above is not enough for a restaurant to deserve a no rating, let alone being closed by the health board, enjoy their food.']
['I love it here. I came here twice in 3 days. The service, price and the quality of the food are great.']
["The food is good. Of course, it's not as good as my mom's, but it's enjoyable.   However, the customer service could improve. I've been here many times, and the waitress/waiter is always rushing. Our young waitress today didn't even wait for us to sit at our seats before barging past us through a small walk area. There's always trash somewhere on the floor too. \n\nFood good, but customer service sucks."]
["If you're a quantity over quality guy, this is your place. Tons of food for fairly cheap, and the service is incredibly quick. \n\nOrdered the following for our table:\n12. Beef noodle soup (XL)\n39. Grilled chicken thigh on rice\n63. Chicken sauteed with lemongrass and vermicelli \nB5. Thai tea\n\n39 was definitely the best of the bunch, the chicken was pretty taste. Rest weren't too flavorful but weren't bad, cuts of meat were mediocre (but again, you get a LOT of food), and service was good. Not sure why this place is zagat rated, but a good place if you're on a budget."]
["For a video review: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aXfvxhajHs8\n\nBeef noodle soup, Vermicelli and spring rolls are typically my go to dishes. To be honest my loyalties used to lie with Pho hua around the corner. All my college friends kept telling me pho Pasteur was the way to go claiming they have the best pho. I was stubborn, but I eventually tried their lavish broth. Each spoonful an umami bomb of flavors that made me change my allegiances. There are a lot of vietnamese noodle soup options in Boston, but I'd be hard pressed to find a better bowl than here. Next time you visit, if you get that craving head over and try an excellent sizable portion of pho."]
['Went here on a first date (ish) It was really nice, the service was good, and the Pho was great! It was decently priced and reminded me of the restaurants back home to a certain extent as well.']
["It's whatever. People are like omg to the best pho, maybe the best of those in Boston  (since they all are meh), but certainly, most definitely not THE best. Tonight was chilly so a dinner with hot pho was in need.\n\nMy friend got the ga lui  (grilled chicken teriyaki) and I got the goi cuon  (summer rolls) to start with. Chicken was tender and flavorful, goi cuon was filled with too much noodles. \n\nFor mains, my friend got the pho tai with rare beef on the side, while I got the bun bo hue. Bad. Should've just gotten pho, but I opted to be adventurous tonight. It just tasted dirty...not fresh, poor cuts of beef. It's like they just dumped lemongrass in to get the bun bo hue flavor.\n\nService is whatever, as others say it's order, eat, and gtfo. Don't expect special treatment. Although the older lady liked me cause I charmed her with my ordering in Vietnamese."]
["Decent food, don't order the fried egg rolls. Very disappointing. Overall I'd say this is a decent place to eat in china town"]
['Absolute worst god awful service there ever was. And terrible food. The egg rolls were cold and bland and incredibly flavorless. The dipping sauce was cold which made the egg rolls even colder. The pho beef was not great and the beef was so raw it grossed me out. It was soggy and when I took it out to stick on a napkin it left this bloody residue. The waitress was so off putting it made me not even enjoy my already distasteful dinner. We ordered our food and drinks and when the food came out we were still waiting on drinks when my husband asks her if we are getting our drinks. She said "what do you want?" Seriously! Anyways I could go on and on. Just find a different place if you want pho.']
["Horrible. We were rushed from the moment we walked in the door. The food came out almost instantly but it was not good. We had eggrolls, beef pho, and chicken lo mein. Bad service and the cashier yelled at my husband because she said he didn't tip enough."]
["Quick service, great price and awesome food!!!! Came in during a Friday night and it was packed. Luckily a table of two opened up quickly and we were seated within 5 minutes. The place was so busy the wait staffs seem to forgot about our table. We had to flag down a staff to get water and that took 15 minutes. Anyways we got our food within 10 minutes of ordering. The quality of pho here is good as always and I can always get a good meal for the price. Don't expect top notch service ."]
['Came here because of its close proximity to the bolyston t stop. Soup was lukewarm, so the meat was still pink even when I finished all my noodles. Later paid with my debit card but it showed up to be declined...but on my bank account it shows the payment went through? Most likely will opt for other pho places in the area next time.']
["I'd been pointed in the direction of Pho Pasteur by a friend. When we were there for college drop-off, it was nice to have something that was just nice and comforting. My daughter hadn't experienced pho before (not a lot of good pho locally), so this seemed like a great place to introduce her to the amazingness.\n\nThe pho was fantastic.  Broth was flavorful, and the meat portions were almost double what I'm accustomed to. We enjoyed it so much that my daughter has returned a few times with friends, sharing this new-to-her restaurant with them.\n\nMy only criticism is how HARD IT WAS TO GET A DRINK REFILL. We were just drinking water, and we could NOT get anyone's attention to refill our glasses. (They probably sat empty for 10+ minutes.)  Without that little hiccup, this would definitely have been a 5-star review."]
['Really good. I am not a frequent eater of Pho but I really liked this. I got the large bowl which was more than enough (could have gotten the small bowl and been just fine). It was hot and delicious. They had a variety of meats and innerds. The tendon had a bit of a funky texture but everything else was great. Service was FAST!! \nCheck it out']
["The food is amazing. The pho was seriously on point and much better then the one I ever had  in NYC. The only thing I can not get over is the service. The service is nothing I have ever experienced before. \nI don't think anyone should wait at all to be seated, especially if there was barley any people inside the restaurant. I waited FOREVER for someone to approach me to take my order... Not only that, the lady comes up to me with the check without me asking in the first place... \nI have worked in the service industry for 5 years and I have never experienced anything like this"]
['I had the combo pho #13 and ordered the fried quail. Soup was balanced and nice size cuts of meat. The quail not so good. It taste like its been marinated in fish sauce too long. There is too much award decors and service is as expected. On average the pho way better than alot places. It taste a bit Americanized tho.']
["I do like the fast service here and the pho tastes good but the soup is always disappointingly lukewarm. I don't understand it. It's not nearly hot enough to even warm up the bean sprouts and veggies that go into the food. It's really annoying and makes the pho substandard here to what it could be with just a little warming of the broth."]
['*Two things to preface my review: I am not an expert on pho or Vietnamese cuisine and my first time at Pho Pasteur was New Years Eve.*\n\nAmbiance/service: Let me reiterate something several yelpers have already mentioned. You go here for the pho, NOT the ambiance or service. NYE with a party of 3, we were seated immediately, to our delight. The seating arrangement is set up to seat as many people in a medium sized area as possible. (If you\'re looking for cozy--yup its your place. Intimate gossip--not unless you want to be overhead by everyone). After sitting for 3 minutes a gentleman (I think was the waiter but he didn\'t introduce himself) came to our table and took our orders. Our food came up surprisingly quick--in less than 10 minutes. We were never checked on while eating our meal and it took considerable effort to call aside our waiter for waters and a drink order. I\'m a girl that likes to take her time and enjoy the food. I felt like the entire experience was rushed and all about "get as many people in, dine as quick as you can, and please leave so we can have the table." And I\'m realistic here. It was NYE. There are hundreds of people out. Huge business opportunity. I wasn\'t expecting a 5 star black tie waitstaff, decadence, and wine goblets but I wanted to at least feel like I was an appreciated customer!\n\nFood: Two members of our party ordered the beef noodle soup. I ordered the thin bean noodles. Both entrees were delicious and filling. Pho Pasteur is known for their generous portion sizes and generous they were. My dish, the thin bean noddles, could have easily fed my family of four!\n\nParking: Walking distance from Park Street, Chinatown, Downtown Crossing MBTA stops.\n\nRecap--go for the food not for the dining experience. Bring a date who isn\'t expecting perfection. Its cheap and easily accessible for the city slickers. Would I return thought? Probably not.']
["HORRIBLE!!! No customer service whatsoever.  No hi or thank you.  Employees just push you out the way.  No excuse me. Second place this week I've had to deal with miserable employees. \n Food was good.  Spicy chicken soup is my favorite.  Went on a Tuesday evening and it was pretty full.  Won't be going back."]
["Tasty pho, awkward service. Good size dishes. I ordered a large pho (they have s,L, and xL) and I couldn't finish all of it. The service was just a little odd. I had to ask three times for extra likes until I finally got it. The lady working there, not in uniform so I assumed she was management or owner, was reluctant to give me extra limes. Definitely the best place for pho if you don't care for service."]
["Maybe I'm biased because I grew up in California or maybe Boston just has a lack of quality authentic Vietnamese joints....but....the restaurant just didn't cut it for me. I went with a group of friends who were also from out of town upon the recommendation of a local patron. I got the beef pho with everything on it and fresh spring rolls. Nothing was very spectacular. Pho tasted watered down, lukewarm broth, chewy meat. Spring rolls were mostly noodle and very little protein. \n\nThe brightside is staff is super friendly and food comes out quick."]
["Unlike many Vietnamese restaurants, the Pho Pasteur is really managed by Vietnamese people. \nIt's why you eat a real Vietnamese cooking. \nWe experienced the Pho, a Bun Bo and Banh Xeo. \nAs we can compare with the food in Vietnam, I can say that all theses meals were excellent. \nIf you want to taste the true Vietnamese food, it's the place to eat in Boston."]
['As the name indicate, pho is the most popular dish in a Vietnamese Restaurant.  With displays of high reputed ratings, we gave it a try and was quite disapponted.  Dishes were well represented and plentiful but the service is less than desirable.  Instead of feeling like a sit down restaurant, we felt like a peasant begging for food.  Ordering should be easy and but wasnt, and food was delivered without a word or even an expression of gratitude, but instead, propped on our table as if we were dogs being fed.  I question whether waiter or waitress want to be here...  Desire to want to serve its customer is lacking.  we Might have been better served at other competing restaurants than Pho Pasteur.']
['My friend took me to this place over the weekend. Service was fast and good and food was fresh and the price was good so I would come again. I am not really a big pho person but it was good I would try again. I loved their spring rolls.']
['This place was just okay, good for a quick meal at a good price. Walking into the restaurant, you get an immediate sense of the packed atmosphere like most Vietnamese restaurants. We ordered a beef Pho and a lemongrass chicken curry dish. The beef seemed overlooked but the noodles were excellent. I usually get the lemongrass chicken dish at other Vietnamese places but this time, i wanted to try the curry. I knew I should never buy curry anywhere but from South-Asian restaurants and this meal reinforced why. The curry was essentially Chinese takeout curry and I would not recommend it. The service was quick, decent, and as attentive as it gets in a place like this.']
['Honestly I dont know how this place is rated so high. First, I thought the service was lacking. Took a half hour to get water on our table. I had the beef noodle pho and compared to other Pho I have had it was lacking. It felt rushed and the meat was not cooked all the way (had to send it back)... if your thinking about eating here remember you got options.  On a positive note the price was perfect (cheap) I do suggest the warm sake!']
['Came here because I was tired of hot dogs, burgers, and pizza all day. The server was nice but needed a little more English or maybe he felt I could speak a little more Vietnamese so we split the difference and both spoke Vietnamish to each other. Our Pho and Coffee were great. They give you tons of meat!']
['Good food, ok service. \nStopped in here the other night before a show. I got chicken fried rice and my companion got a tofu pho. My rice was good, a thai style fried rice. He said the soup was good. \nTea was set at the table immediately. It was excellent tea, mild strength, and good to warm up with on a cold night.\n\nService was spotty. We waited for several minutes for someone to greet us when we walked in. After getting seated the waiter came quickly, took our order and the food was delivered in no time. After that no one checked in, and it was hard to get the check. We finally had to take the check up as no one came back to get it.\n\nGood prices for downtown food and the portions were large.']
['Still good the large bowls and now actually the small bowl fresh spring rolls tasty nice atmosphere but the portions are smaller']
["One of the more general areas to get pho. There's really nothing special with this particular pho joint, but it is a place that's close to heart if you've been grabbing pho consistently as a teenager.\n\nTheir broth is good, but nothing out of the ordinary. However, one huge plus is that they are pretty generous with their servings. I had a rice plate with shredded pork skin, meatloaf, pork chop, and a salad for $10. Their wonton soup actually went down in terms of tastiness and the amount of fillings they have in it.\n\nIn terms of cleanliness, it's not shabby but they can do a better job. This only happened once throughout my 10+ years of eating there, but I did find a small cockroach in my soup before. Sorta gross but bearable.\n\nThe service they provide is lacking in some respects. The waiters and waitresses don't have too much of a sense of urgency when you request the bill or water refill. All in all, a solid 3/5."]
["I'm not a big fan of pho in Chinatown, however on a chilly work day Pho Pasteur is my go to spot for pho. You can dine in with a guest and be out in 30 mins for less than $20 for the both of you. \n\nThe pho is decent quality. I tend to steer away from their other dishes. \n\nStaff is really nice. They are quick to take your order and serve you your food hot. However, they don't do as well with beverages - whether it's for ice water or a beverage you have to pay for. I've had multiple times when I have ordered a coconut drink and they would either forget to serve it to me or serve it to me after I finish my meal and I'm paying the check. \n\nIf you're on a time crunch for lunch, I recommend coming after 12:30 because at noon there tends to be a (short) wait."]
["Good pho and grilled chicken plate. Don't expect friendly service but it's definitely fast and prompt."]
['Me and three friends arrived at pho pasture on August 14th at 5pm and were sat with the youngest server working.  I arrived before my friends and despite making contact with all waiting staff and waving my hand (nobody had introduced themselves as my waiter so I had no idea who it was) I was unable to get anyone\'s attention to order an appetizer.  Once my friends arrived we were greeted and our order  as taken.  I asked for extra napkins but was ignored so I had to enter the bathroom after my meal and wipe my face with tissue.  Everything went smoothly until the end of the meal when our server seemingly refused to give us our check.  For 25 minutes after all of us had finished eating we sat, once again making eye contact and gestures to our waiter, being completely ignored.  Finally she approached us and literally started off with "there\'s a mandatory 15% tip".  And then left without giving us a pen to sign.  I approached another server because ours had seemingly run away, probably hoping we would leave the top spot blank for her to enter her own choice, and told her the service was horrible and I did not want to tip.  She insisted that I tip, and told me to write $1.50.  I feel used and manipulated.']
['I ordered the pho. The broth was OK, but I prefer the pho and portions at New Dong Khanh more. Service is quick and respectable. Probably would not return until trying other restaurants around the area.']
["In my opinion, this is definitely the best pho in town.\n\nI try to go here at least every other week. The price is great, the location is perfect, and the service isn't too bad either. A small bowl of pho (which is plenty of food for me) is under $8 and it comes out so quick! I like to get #17, which is topped with tripe, tendon and sliced beef. \n\nI always consider trying something other than pho, which looks great by the way when I stare at other people's food while I (im)patiently wait for my pho. Then I remember how delicious pho is here and end up not even looking at the menu. Yes, it's that good."]
["Prices are not to expensive and the soup is good.\n\nPho is not the first thing we think of to eat here but on a cold rainy day walking by downtown, it was quite an appealing idea. \n\nA small bowl will feed you nicely although I would suggest a large for larger appetites and  unless you order an appetizer.\n\nThey noodle to soup ratio is pretty good for the small and the rare beef was ample for my pho with rare beef and tripe. You can also add beef ball for 1.50! just like home!\n\nThe price for such a feeling warm meal can't be beat in that area!"]
['This was literally my favorite pho restaurant in Chinatown until an incident that happened today. I\'ll skip the details and get straight to it. I came in to eat with eight other people and we decided to split our checks according to what we ate so of course that kind of took a while. Not to mention, the check was written in Vietnamese so it was hard for us to decipher which was which. Anyways, we figured everything out and we were just waiting for the waiter to swipe our cards. The restaurant was getting really busy and there was another party of eight waiting our table. One of the ladies working there (she was a bit old and I think she\'s a manager) was at our table and screamed at another waiter "why the hell are they still sitting here?! Who do they think they are just sitting here and chitchatting?" in Vietnamese to. Mind you my friends were Vietnamese too and understood it, so that was REALLY rude. Whether she did that in purpose or not was just really unprofessional. It wasn\'t our fault that our waiter took forever to swipe our cards and give us the check back - I was dying to get out of there because of major food coma anyway. And whether or not she knew that, she could\'ve asked in a polite manner to the other worker. I understand the restaurant was getting really busy and there was a huge line forming, but she needs to learn how to keep it professional too. I am hostess at a restaurant and it gets SUPER crazy, especially when there are 10 people on the waiting list, but it\'s no reason for me to be mean to my customers.\n\nThere are many other terrible incidents that I\'ve encountered at this particular pho restaurant, but I don\'t think I need to keep on justifying why I am giving this restaurant one star. This incident alone is enough to make me not come here ever again.']
["I love to come here--the chicken pho with extra veggies is where it's at. I get the small and can never finish, Their bowls are GIANT. I usually start with some thai tea and a fresh roll then dive into the soup. It's really yummy and you can customize it with sauces, basil, bamboo shoots, all of that good stuff. \n\nThis place is a factory--it's brightly lit, not a cute interior, when you order you get your food absurdly fast, it's just a whirlwind. But a delicious, cheap one."]
["I've had enough pho at this point I consider myself a phofessional.  I am totally phocused.  And no one ever wants to go with me because there are too many words that are vastly improved by adding pho to them.  In fact, as a person I'm vastly improved when pho is added to me.\n\nWith so many places in my portpholio, I was a bit iffy on going to a pho place on the East Coast.  I've been hurt before (see: eating pho in Czech Republic.  Just don't.).\n\nPho Pasteur, though, was exactly what I needed.  A gigantic bowl of every type of beef product.  They even have the rare beef, which is actually kind of hard to find, since most places assume (rightly) that all their customers are idiots and will start packing uncooked beef into their faces.  But this place gives the impression that they don't care about you or your intestines and they pile that red meat on.\n\nThe other reviews here have a point, the place does encourage you to stuff your face and GTFO with a manner that skirts the edge of rudeness, but that's because the place is always super-packed.  And for a super-good reason: It's super-good.  Really probably the best pho I've had on the East Coast (outside of Pho Viet in DC).\n\nI'll definitely be back.  No phooling."]
["The pho is just OK. This place is popular mainly for its location. Every time we've gone there we've had problems - wrong order, dirty plates, etc. Also, this restaurant is NOT gluten-free if you're allergic."]
["The spring rolls were 4.50 for 2 which is expensive. Also the spring rolls are not what you expect, it's more of a egg roll with spring rolls filling. Only one piece of lettuce to wrap with. I ordered an extra large pho to share and it took a little long. There wasn't enough noodles. The soup was really good. The noodles were firm and doughie. They came with the bill without us asking. So rude"]
["Why oh why did I come to a corner store? Corner stores don't have to serve good food to do well,  the traffic just comes.  I feel duped.  The curry pho was full of undercooked mirepoix vegetables and felt hastily put together.  The spring rolls weren't bursting with flavor and didn't feel like they tasted freshest of the fresh. The sauces were lackluster. Will not repeat.  On top of that,  the service was rude."]
['Good pho, pretty much sticks to the standards of what that dish should be and their ingredients always seem fresh. \n\nThis place loses a star for not being particularly clean (bathrooms are grungy, tables always sticky, floor never quite clean), and because the service is not great. For example, for some bewildering reason they never bring us sate on the side as we ask when we order, and it always takes 3-4 requests in order to find a server who will actually go get it instead of just disappear or shake their head. Puzzling. \n\nOverall a good place to get your pho.']
['Hit or miss, as I think other people have said. Food is really good, especially the Chicken Noodle Soup and the Fresh Spring Rolls (especially the Spring Rolls), but the service is so poor. No issues getting a table, but good luck getting a refill or the check.']
['Pho ga was tasty, the spicy sauce was mild so I used a bunch.  Walked by the kitchen to see the giant pots of stock simmering away.   You should stop here.']
["I normally come here for hangover food. Never again. It's convenient when I'm staying in boston but not worth it. The waiter brought my pho out with his thumb sticking INTO my broth. The soup was luke warm, the noodles were overly soft and we were wondering about the size of the large pho bowl."]
['Still the best pho for me in chinatown.  The only other place in boston that has better pho is probably pho le in dorchester.\n\nI was get the same thing, large pho tai with clear noodles.\n\nMost people dont know the secret about clear noodles, but they have a much bouncier texture to it that makes the bowl of pho even better.\n\nService is always quick here, and they need to be since its always packed during peak dinner and lunch hours.']
['I love their rice plates here. Always consistent and delivery is always fast. Next time when i have my craving for Pho I will def stop in.']
["Great pho spot and reasonably priced!\nReview based on service and food. The taste of the pho is great! I got the #12 which is an XL dish. My one complaint is that the XL dish should definitely have more noodles, but there was a ton of meat in it so it made up for the lack of noodles. They had all the toppings on the table so we didn't have to ask for anything and if we did they brought it out right away. We did have to ask for more water which was bothersome since everyone at the table was in dire need of a refill and they should have noticed. We were seated right away and were even asked if we wanted to move to a larger table when one became available. This was really nice of them since we had a bigger party. Overall, I had a great experience and the food was tasty."]
['Dubbed by my Viet friend\'s parents as the "most authentic Vietnamese place in Boston," we decided to try it out one day when we were craving pho. Let me say something- I\'m usually not a huge fan of pho. But this restaurant made it so, so delicious, and I\'m definitely going back. \n\nThe portions are huge- I got a small and couldn\'t finish it on my own. Two people could probably split a large, and both the large and the small sizes are fairly cheap (under $10). The soup is flavorful, the beef tender, and the noodles just right (that\'s what I\'m usually the most picky about). There\'s a variety of sauces (both spicy and not) on the side that you can add, but the broth is honestly good enough on its own.\n\nWhether it\'s below freezing in Boston or whether you\'re just craving a bowl of pho (the ultimate comfort food), this is the place to go.']
['If you are a soup lover and love authentic Asian flavors this is the place for you. The chicken pho bowl is phenomenal. They have other great menu items as well but you want to go here for the pho. Also the cost vs amount of food you get is amazing especially for downtown Boston. I highly recommend.']
["There's a lot of high energy here, almost bordering on chaotic.  The place was packed with lots of young people and it was obvious popular.\n\nWe ordered spring rolls and two noodle dishes.  The pho that passed our table looked delicious.  The spring rolls were fresh and came with a real tasty peanut sauce on the side.\n\nThe one noodle dish arrived, very early after getting the spring rolls so the timing was off, but then it took a much longer time to get the other noodle dish. A bit frustrating but the kitchen appeared to be in high gear.\nPerhaps we should have ordered a bit more understanding of the dishes and the time to prepare them too.\n\nBoth dishes were good, competent; but nothing extraordinary.  Portions are large.\n\nService was efficient and it was evident they intend to move patrons quickly.\n\nIf you want inexpensive, middle of the road Vietnamese food at a face pace then this should do it."]
["I have been to this this place many times because it is right here in Boston and Quincy is too far away. One thing I don't like is the temperature of their pho, which is lukewarm when it is served and it cools down in the middle of a meal. Who wants to eat a bowl of cold pho? Why can't they just heat up the broth? I am not sure if they pre-assemble the pho (since it comes to table within 2 mins after they take the order) or intentionally serve lukewarm pho in case customers burn their tongues? (****Update:  It turns out that some other customers on Yelp complained about the same problem. Pho was pre-made, left in the kitchen and waiting to be served to incoming customers. I'm not saying everyone gets cold pho here but the unlucky few definitely gets pre-made pho.）\n\nRecently, I had a really bad experience here. I found small piece of dark crimped fiber thingy in my pho that looks like it's from the coarse side of a scrub sponge. I was not trying to dodge the bill. I showed this object to the servers simply to remind them of what I found and bring the issue of sanitation to their attention. I didn't expect how the servers were in total denial. They kept saying that this object is from basil flowers. First, I never put basil in my pho. Second, whatever I found is crimped like a wire, which could be pulled like spring and it shrunk back . The last time I check, mother nature doesn't produce any thing industrial looking like this. No way this is from basil. \n\nOh well, what can I do? I was like...Okay, if you say so. Can I get the check?\n\nCan't believe I still left a tip."]
["Good phô and really sweet people working there. Even when busy they're offering a quick service. During the storm, they brought me a nice warm cup of tea free of charge! Portions really are huge, too, so you'll be tanking some home for sure."]
['This is the best I can get in Boston. I must be spoiled by the authentic Vietnamese restaurants in LA that I have yet to find one that can compare! \n\nThis is a pretty standard vietnamese restaurant. The menu has everything you crave for in vietnamese cuisine. I only come here when I crave pho and bun. It usually satisfies my cravings. For pho I get pho dac biet. It comes with all the good stuff. Some people are afraid to eat tendons and tripe but it is what makes the pho noodle so good! The soup is flavorful but it is missing something that pho restaurants in LA have. \n\nThere is always a lot of people in the restaurant. But I never had to wait for a crazy long time. \n\nThe service is decent and food comes out quick. So nothing really I can complain about. But this place is average because nothing really stands out to me either!']
['Rich broth. Plentiful noodles. Sweet hints with lemongrass. Crisp onions and lots of cilantro. Many varieties ranging from basic to adventurous. \n\nCurt service.\n\n$10/min on debit cards which is just below the price of an XL pho with tax - sort of annoying.\n\nOtherwise frequent the spot often.']
["Service was horrible the  utensils on the table were  dirty the egg rolls and the soup was cold ,this is the first time I have never left a tip. I'll stick to le's in brighton."]
["place is a dump, everything is ready and they don't make any appetizers fresh. In 1 minute they bring you entire order...spring rolls were cold...dont know how Pho is made out there. Wouldn't go there again...."]
["So happy to find this place!  Some of the best Pho I've ever had....big, steamy bowls of authentic tasty broth full of meat and delicious noodles.  Sooooooo good!  Conveniently located just a short walk from the theater district.  and the prices are very reasonable!  Can't wait for my next visit!"]
["My husband had been in Boston just last week and heard from a number of people that he just had to go here. Since we were coming here as a couple we went together.  I think the build up was too much..  I was disappointed.   It just seemed very average to me.\n\nI started my meal with the spring rolls.  I was hot from the trek from the airport to here so the lightness and freshness of them was good.  But realistically they didn't have much going on.  Mostly they were just packed with a lot of lettuce.  For my entree I had the tofu curry soup with noodles.  I liked the spiciness of it and it was packed with veggies but it didn't have a whole lot of depth of flavor.  It was very one note.\n\nService was quick but not particularly friendly"]
["Over the years I've been here multiple times so I say with confidence that the food is OKAY. I've had better Vietnamese food in other places like Lowell. I also question the authenticity because most of the patrons are European-American. \n\nThe flavors just aren't there for me. The soup can be quite bland sometimes. It is lacking the signature \nVietnamese flavor. Not only that, the Thai ice tea I got was horrendous. It tasted...how do I put this..old. Like it was premade a day or two before, left in the fridge overnight and I just happen to be the lucky person to get a taste of that. It had a sharp flavor and it was just\n... nasty, for lack of a better term. Their coffee isn't that great either. Come to think of it nothing there is that great or good. \n\nFor the price: \nTheir food is way overpriced, but I guess they can do that because there's people who still patron here. \n\nFor the service:\nThe times that I do takeout, I'm normally met with a cold stone cashier for who I assume to be the owner, or at the very least the manager; for the simple reason that she is the only one adding handling the checks and payments. There's never a smile or a hello from her so it is far from friendly here. \n\nXing xing was my go to place for Vietnamese. Their flavors were more authentic and the service is always with a smile. It's a shame they had to close due to the rising rent. \n\nOverall if I'm feeling Vietnamese I normally do take out just because of the convienance and location. Other than that I try to stay away."]
["My favorite place to go for pho in Boston!\n\nOn cold, rainy, or snowy days, I always have a craving for a bowl of pho. I usually get the large beef pho here. Plentiful beans sprouts, basil, and lime. Broth is flavorful. Noodles have the perfect amount of chewiness. If you need an extra kick, there are hot sauce and hoisin sauce at your disposal. One time I was too ambitious and ordered an extra large and was not able to finish.\n\nThe place gets jam packed during lunch and dinner hours, but I never had more than a 10-15 minute wait. Food is brought out in lightning speed. Note that they do have a $10 minimum for credit cards, so if you come alone, make sure you have some cash in your pocket.\n\nYeah the restaurant isn't the cleanest and the ambiance isn't the most welcoming, but for delicious and cheap (under $10) pho? Count me in!"]
['This place is always packed which is a good sign. Probably the best pho all around Boston. I traveled from Worcester all the way up here just to have delicious pho. Their flat rice noodles are a must have. Same goes with their Le fried rice. Parking can be a pain to find.']
["I had their vegetarian lo mein. It was $10 for a huge plate,  best bang for buck. Served with hot tea, perfect for Boston's cold weather. Will be going back again and again.\n\nP.S. - They have a decent vegetarian menu."]
["This place has failed me. \n\nIf you are looking for AUTHENTIC vietnamese food this place will not give you that. They will give you the generic bootleg cheap &amp; quick version of it. Take it from a vietnamese person that this place does not do vietnamese food any justice \n\nI ordered a com thit noung (grilled beef with rice) &amp; egg ,a very traditional rice dish. And they couldn't even make it correctly. The egg was over cooked, (yolks are suppose to be gooey still in this traditional dish) \n\nThis dish is normally served with chopped up rice but they failed to deliver that also. Its like serving pho with yellow noodles! Just a no no. It violates everything about this traditional dish. \n\nOn top of that i did not appreciate the staff refilling bottles and taking away things and putting it back on our table while we were eating (it was not closing time it was mid day)"]
["I've been here many times. The service is usually quick, unless it's really crowded. I always order the rare steak pho, and I love it. The broth is delicious and so is the steak. I haven't ordered many of their other dishes, so I can't comment there. Their iced coffee is good too, but a little bit too sweet for me. The prices are fairly cheap. It's definitely the best place in Chinatown to get pho."]
['My favorite takeout spot for Pho. This place does all the fixings right, especially the plum sauce. Their broth is money too. Its cheap to boot. Whats not to love?']
['Food maybe good but the service was awful.. They acted really rude, and totally ignored my table when  I called one of the waiters out to make an order.']
['After searching in Chinatown for a restaurant, I was very disappointed in this choice.  After waiting on the wait staff, I received the wrong order and the flavor was awful.  The meat smelled and the broth lacked flavor, the vegetables were not as fresh. Such a disappointment, as I had very high hopes for this restaurant.']
["Amazing broth and lots of noodles! Of all the pho places in Boston, this is my family's favorite. I get the small tai nam bo vien (beef and meatballs). Great combo!\n\nService is also very quick and the people are nice, too. \n\nOnly con for me would be the rice plates/vermicelli bowls. I'm not a fan of the meat they put in it compared to other places. It's way too try and burnt- but overall it's still good. I'll give it another try if I'm not craving pho!"]
["Reasonably priced and wonderful portions. You can upgrade your small to a large bowl of pho for about 50 cents more, so get this option if you have a big appetite!\n\nWe came on a Saturday evening before the huge dinner rush came along, but there were still a lot of people eating already. It's really hard to flag down the wait staff here, so be assertive and wave them down!! I had to flag them down at least 4 times for different things: reminding them of our waters, the bill, ordering, etc.\n\nI do wish our noodle soups were a little hotter though... it was warm, but wasn't warm enough. The raw beef on our soups took a while to cook up...\n\nIt's not the fanciest place out there and it does get pretty homestyle (aka lots of elbow touching and sitting very close to other tables), but the food is comforting, especially on a windy and cold day."]
["Wouldn't recommend. Bad service, and on top of that, I received raw chicken in my pho. They asked me if I wanted to get something else, but I was too disgusted. I had to pay for the crap anyways. No tip because f that! They need to figure themselves out. If you go, get anything but the chicken pho."]
['Don\'t come here! Take your money to other much better pho restaurants down the street! Mediocre food and bad service(waiters okay, cashier and owners very disrespectful). I ordered a small noodle but they charged me for a large. When I asked them nicely about the price and they gave me attitude as if it was my problem. While I was standing at the cashier, a woman, whom I believe is the manager, went over to my table and picked up the bowl and yelled back ,"this is a large, can you see!?" um RUDE!?! Never coming back here. There are much better Vietnamese restaurants in Chinatown anyway.']
['The Pho ribeye was very good. I had large and it was filling and good size for the price. Pho was delivered quickly. Unfortunately the Coconut bubble tea was delivered after I finished my meal.']
['The extra large pho tai from Pho Pasteur has become a staple of mine as I nurse my dead body back to life after a rough weekend out. Pho Pasteur has replaced Sao Mai, which was the pho place around the corner from my apartment back when I lived in NYC.\n\nI preface this by saying when I am in zombie mode, I do not care in the slightest for service. All I want is to get my order taken by a server who understands my incoherent words and grunts, get a cup of water, and get my food ASAP. Pho Pasteur delivers on this perfectly with none of the other bullshit that I cannot care to deal with when my head is pounding and my heart is still racing from whatever I poisoned my body with the night before.\n\nThe XL bowl of pho is decently sized and incredibly cheap (under $10). This is where Pho Pasteur trumps Sao Mai--definitely get better bang for your buck here. The broth is the right amount of oily that I need to line my stomach and they give a lot more beef than I expect. In fact, I need to get my boyfriend to finish my beef most of the time.\n\nThank god this place is a short walk from my apartment.']
["Been here several times. Pho should be served piping hot and not lukewarm, especially when there's raw meat (if you order the Dac Biet, for example) since it could very possibly lead to food poisoning (and has happened to me once after eating here). \n\nOne usually judges pho by the quality of the broth and it's been rather sub-par for both the Pho Ga and Pho Bo."]
["So, here's the issue. The pho itself was pretty good. If I had only ordered that, I would have probably given them a 3-4 star rating. The noodles were good, the beef was good, though a little big on the slices (right thickness, but slightly too big around).\n\nSo why a 1 star review.  I ordered the Cha Gio.  It was served COLD.  yes, as in it had been fully cooked and let to sit for who knows how long (who knows, maybe it came from someone else's leftovers' plate?) and was then served cold.\n\nI have eaten at over 150 viet places (no exaggeration, you can see their reviews here) and at least 500-900 sittings over the years...never, not once, has this happened.\n\nGo anywhere else. That's just not acceptable"]
["Can I tell the difference between pho from Pho Pasteur versus pho from New Dong Khanh or Pho Hoa? Probably not. That being said, the pho here hits the spot when I'm craving pho, but that's the only dish I will ever order here.\n\nI tried to venture outside of pho with a vermicelli dish, but the veggies were't fresh, and the egg roll that came with it was simply unappetizing. Why come here, where I'm limited to just pho, when I can get the same pho plus much more at a place like New Dong Khanh?"]
["Any pho soup you get is filling and definitely worth it for one person. I got the tofu curry pho soup and jumbo cashew shrimp (for my friend and I) and it lasted us for 2 nights. The soup is worth it for the price. However, the cashew shrimp was very bland. The shrimp was not seasoned and had no taste. Just mixing/throwing cashews with the shrimp and vegetables is not good enough, especially if you're charging $12 for it."]
["If it wasn't for the food being just as expected, this is a one-star experience.\n\nI dined on Tuesday evening, the 20th.  My server was a Vietnamese dude who was not at all interested in explaining dishes served there.  I asked what was in a vegetarian spring roll and he replied 'salad' without even looking in my direction.  I pressed further and he said 'vermicelli'.  The food came out fast, as would be expected for the dish I ordered - the standard pho noodle bowl.\n\nMidway through my meal, I unexpectedly hear a clack on my table.  I glanced up as I chewed off noodles still being consumed and see that the check has been placed on my table, without  my having asked for it, nor any indication that I might be in a hurry to leave, or even prompted by the server whether I might like anything else.\n\nAs I finished up the meal I placed my payment on the edge of the table along with a nearly empty cup of tea.  I slid the cup well beyond everything else on purpose as a last opportunity for the server to earn his tip.  Once payment was taken and change received, I finished off the last sip of tea and turned it upside down on top of the plate of bean sprouts.  Perhaps he might notice that he had failed to refill the tea even once.  The more likely scenario is that as he sat in an empty booth the check the latest updates on his phone, the busboy had already cleared it, and hopefully taken the $1 tip I left, as he clearly did more work than the server tonight.\n\n*Adding this several minutes after original post*\nAfter leaving the establishment I went to a local bakery to pick up something sweet.  Had my tea been filled I would have ordered something at the restaurant to satisfy the sweet tooth.  Not to mention perhaps giving this place another chance.  But such will not be the case.\nAlso note to my server, who would very likely know who I am if he reads this ... Tips are to be earned, not automatically expected.  Most restaurants would rebuke servers who sit in a booth fingering their phones during working hours, not to mention right next to diners who would see them doing it.  Some would even fire them outright.  But standards are different for everyone.\n\nChances are the next time I post a horrible experience from a different restaurant, I will be updating this one as I had just done with two other restaurants."]
["Food is tasteless. I'm of south east asian decent so I know that it could taste so much better. \n\nFloors have a thick layer of grease which is disgusting. I've definitely slipped and seen others slip. I'm surprised I haven't seen a server slip with food in hand. It only makes me think of what their kitchen could look like. Gross.\n\nService sucks. I asked for their chicken soup and asked that the vermicelli  be switched out for the wider noodles. And the server hesitated for a second and then said okay. I also asked for no bean sprouts since I know I don't eat them and I did't want them to waste perfectly good food. \n\nThe food comes out with the wrong noodles. And he brings out beans sprouts. I eat them anyway with slight irritation. Again, i don't like wasting food. \n\nI notify him that  I had asked for the wide noodles and he said that they don't carry them. THIS MAKES ME SO ANGRY.\n\n1. YOU COULDN'T TELL ME WHEN I FIRST ORDERED THAT THE WIDE NOODLE WASN'T AVAILABLE?! \n\n2. AT A PREVIOUS VISIT, I'VE HAD THEM SWITCH THE NOODLES WITHOUT A PROBLEM. THEY EVEN USE THAT SAME  NOODLE TO MAKE THEIR CHOW FUN. \n\n3. IF YOU DIDN'T UNDERSTAND MY ORDER THE FIRST TIME, TAKE THE TIME TO UNDERSTAND IT. DO NOT JUST PRETEND FOR GOD'S SAKE!! \n\nThe only good was the sweet Spanish guy that came to clean up our table at the end."]
["This place is definitely a good choice for a quick meal. Pho Pasteur tends to be crowded at times but the service is so quick you can be in and out in less than an hour. The restaurant has lots of options from pho, vermicelli bowls, and rice dishes for those that aren't wanting soup. Choices such as rare tendon and meat to chicken are options for pho. Definitely my place to hit up on lunch breaks or to catch up with a friend. If you don't mind rushed and somewhat rude waiters/waitresses due to the mad rush of people and the quick turnaround, this is the perfect place for a quick meal!\n\n$10 minimum for credit card!"]
['Pros:\n+ Lots of tasty food for relatively low price\n+ Tasty, fresh pho\n+ Lychee smoothie was refreshing and complemented the pho well\n+ Almost never have to wait, even during busiest hours\n+ Good location, near T stops\n\nCons:\n- Unreliable service (see below)\n\n\nCame here for dinner at around 6:30pm on a Friday evening with my fiancée. We were pleased to be seated immediately after entering. The place is pretty popular, but the restaurant is large. I\'ve come here at least half a dozen times and I\'ve never had to wait more than a couple minutes.\n\nI ordered a #13 (basically medium-sized beef pho with everything) and the fiancée got a #1 (wonton soup). The wonton soup portion size was extremely large - it\'s listed as an appetizer but it\'s pretty much entree-sized. The broth is very tasty, not too salty. In addition to the wontons, the soup had large pieces of chicken and some cabbage too. The pho was very large and looked fresh. The beef and broth were very tasty and not too salty either. The lychee shake seemed like it was made with preserved lychees instead of fresh lychees, but it was still tasty, not overly sweet, and it had a nice refreshing cooling effect, which went well with drinking the pho broth, since drinking pho broth alone always makes me feel too hot.\n\nOur food was served relatively quickly after we ordered, but there were problems with the timing of the lychee shake. I would have probably given 5 stars, except for a consistently frustrating experience with the service. This time, after we both had pretty much finished our food, my lychee shake still hadn\'t been served. I stopped a waitress walking by and asked about the lychee shake, and she just said "in a minute". Later, another waitress came to our table...with the check! It wasn\'t until I asked again about the lychee shake that she went to go get it! This wasn\'t an isolated incident either. Every time I come here I order a lychee shake with my pho, and almost every time they either forget it completely or don\'t bring it until after I\'m done with my food.\n\nHowever, the bad service itself doesn\'t turn me off too much when weighted against the lack of waiting to be seated, the tasty food and the amazingly low prices, which is why I keep coming back.']
["Pho Pasteur is an authentic pho place in Boston that is very welcome in a sea of places that aren't all that good. \n\nPho Pasteur is a reasonably sized and reasonably clean pho place in the Chinatown area of Boston.  Prices are very affordable for the area, and service is quick and easy to handle.  It was quite crowded even on the off-hour we went, though, so be prepared to wait a bit.\n\nThe pho here is excellent.  I found it well cooked, very fresh, very tasty, and quickly prepared.  The tables are amply stocked with sauces, which I appreciated.  The spring rolls were also excellent, so I highly recommend getting those as well.  The tea they provide for free is really all I'd ever want to drink, too, so no complaints on that front."]
["It was ok.  I wasn't impressed to be honest.  It wasn't steaming hot and I didn't feel the broth was that flavorful."]
['This is my go to place for pho in the area, I work nearby so I often go here for lunch. I usually get the rare flank pho. The broth has very good flavor and everything that comes along with it has been very fresh. The portions are large and you have the option to dine in or take out.']
['Worst Pho ever + worst experience ever + really bad service = Pho Pasteur.\n\nBeen here yesterday with a company of three. I asked for extra veggies - and got just broth, noodles and chicken, literally just that, and been told that they are out of veggies at all. Though I could see around people were getting their pho`s with veggies. I did not understand that joke at all, left no tips. I was extremely pissed. My companions received similar bad treatment. Seriously, I do not recommend. There are so many great Pho places in Boston to go to.']
["I'm so happy I only live one block away. Is always busy but you never have to wait long for a table their food and service is always good and quick. Definitely you gotta try the chicken noodle soup and spring rolls, prices are cheap and they give you a big portion"]
["I've came here numerous times and have realized that I have yet to write a review for it. Better late than never.\n\nI came here during the lunch rush which was a big mistake. It was super crowded but that's not necessarily a bad thing because it's a testament to their good reputation and product. There were a few things I didn't like and the reason why I gave it two out of five stars.\n\nFirstly, the Pho itself was quite bland. It lacked a certain thing in it that I can't describe. I've been to a lot of Pho joints all over the place and this one just doesn't really have that indescribable thing that really makes it enjoyable. Even though I smothered it in hot sauce, it still tasted plain to me. Their egg rolls were good, a little steep in price being 4.50$ for two pieces but they were at least very good. Their spring rolls on the other hand weren't anything nearly worth the price. For 4.50, you get a couple pieces of small shrimp and rice noodles. Seriously? What a waste of money.\n\nThe service was pretty bad. I cut them some slack because it was rush hour but I felt rushed the entire time. Also, when we were sat down, the table was semi wet and across from me, sitting on the wall a foot away from my table was what seemed to be a homeless man drinking beer just looking at us with no care in the world. How's that for atmosphere? \n\nThey didn't need to rush me out for me to haul ass out of there as soon as the meal was done. I won't be coming here again."]
["this was my go-to place for pho!  I would come here with a good friend or all by myself because it was so good.  I would usually order a drink (either a green bean shake, or salty lemonade), and then order the large or medium sized pho.  After moving to CA and trying out a few pho places, I realize how big the portion this restaurant in Boston serves.  I always finished my pho feeling happy and fulfilled.  I've yet to find a pho restaurant here that gives me the same feeling.  So, if you are in Boston and want pho, please please go to this restaurant.  It's casual and homey.  I hope this restaurant will never close and will always prosper in business."]
["AVOID THIS PLACE! Food is okay. Service is extremely bad. Didn't get what we ordered. Had to ask five times to get a glass of water. Rude staff. Not going to come here again."]
["Had lunch at Pho with a colleague today.  We started with some spring rolls which were typical.  Then he had some vermicelli dish with chicken and a couple of fried eggs, and I had the Hot and Sour Fish Soup with salmon (#81 on the menu if you're curious).\n\nI ordered that because I like fish and because it was listed under the Traditional Vietnamese section of the menu.  I don't go to Vietnamese restaurant because I want McPho; I go because I want the real thing.\n\nIt was ridiculously flavorful.  Like, off the hook flavor.  I was blown away.\n\nThe restaurant itself is an appropriately loud and hectic place at lunchtime in Chinatown.  Waitstaff are constantly hustling, and therefore not great at checking in to see if patrons like the meal or need anything, like more water.  That said, because they hustle, you do get served quickly.\n\nAnd, if I didn't mention it earlier, I loved the darn soup and will definitely return to try something new."]
["I went there on a Wednesday night, after 9.00 pm. It was crowded but I got a seat. I ordered a pho dish I believe. The food is very reasonably priced and has good portions. The quality is average, at best, it doesn't break any significant ground. The waiters are grumpy and don't know what customer service is. I'd definitely come here again for the prices and the portions, but not for the quality or the service."]
['I really, really wanted to like Pho Pasteur better.\nIt\'s got a real hype and buzz around my friends.\nThe Pho is decent, but frankly I have had a lot more flavourful concoctions all around town.\nIt was decent, but not like "Oh my god..."\n\nI\'ll keep exploring the other great restaurants between Allston, Chinatown and all spots in between (hello Pho Viet).\n\nJB']
['I love this place. Super fast (think order to table in less than seven minutes) and super good. My orders here only range between the following - and they\'re always on point with flavor:\n\nApps: \n- Fried egg rolls (mostly ground pork with spices and a few bits of carrots - who really needs vegetables? - not this happy camper)\n- Beef teriyaki (great grilled beef on a stick, it really reminds me to cook things on sticks at home more often - I love being able to wave it around to make a point while talking and then take a barbaric bite out of the meat)\n\nMain Dishes:\n- Small #22, rare steak pho, extra scallions, extra bean sprouts (be warned that the portion sizes are pretty big, so don\'t go in thinking you need to order an extra large - even though the price differences are very small - an extra large can comfortably feed two grown adults if supplemented with an appetizer or two)\n- #51, grilled pork and egg roll vermicelli - served cold as a salad. \n\nI always have to warn my "westerner" friends about their liberal use of fish sauce, but it\'s pretty tasty - so most of the time I just play dumb about what they\'re ordering - I know they\'re going to like it so why bother explaining?\n\nNow - the one thing I have against this place is their ventilation system. Yes I love their food, but what I do not like is smelling like it for the remainder of the day. Ladies (and long haired men - love the man bun BTW), let me tell you, the smell permeates your hair 10000x more than the smell of Subway\'s fresh baked bread - it\'s strong. \n\nThe only people who I took here that didn\'t like it were vegetarians who got the vegetable pho - but I mean really, who actually orders that there? They were probably the only one in months (it did take longer to bring out than my beef pho) and it was really bland - so just don\'t get it and you\'ll be fine.\n\nJust try this place. you\'ll love it.']
['For a grand total of ~$10, I can get a filling helping of steaming seafood pork pho to warm my belly and soul on a chilly rainy day. My pho came with a few shrimps, shreds of imitation crab, pork chunks and a carved squid, all soaked in onion-y broth.\nEven during a busy Sunday lunch hour, with people waiting upfront to be seated next, the service was reasonably fast. Aside from taking our orders and serving the food, our waiters left us to slurp our noodles and mingle in our own devices. We also got spring roll appetizers, which were okay - nothing noteworthy compared to the spring rolls I had in Manhattan Chinatown.\nPho Pasteur, which is prominently located on a Chinatown street corner, is a great place to catch up with friends over tasty food without making a hefty dent in your wallet.']
['My partner and I came here while attending a conference.  We stayed at the Double Tree Hilton down the street.\n\nWe chose this place for two reasons, the local reviews and the two minute walk from the hotel.\n\nWe dined there on a Wednesday night and it was packed full.  It was worth the wait.  \n\nI ordered the shrimp pancake appetizer expecting it to be small but it was large enough for 3 people to enjoy.  It was good. By design this dish is rather bland but the assortment of sauces on the table spiced it up nicely.\n\nI ordered the spicy vegetarian tofu pho and it was amazing! Good combination of sweet and spicy.  It was offered in a small or large bowl.  I ordered the small and it was huge, a generous portion for two. \n\nMy partner ordered a dish that had beef, vegetables and rice.  It was very good and a huge portion.  Had we known the portions would be so large we would have altered our  order.\n\nService was good but there was a language issue.  Communication was difficult with some of the staff but nice overall.\n\nWe had a great time and recommend this place.']
["The food is very good, it's always packed but it has a very fast turn around and you will be seated quickly. TRY THE LO MEIN..BOMB!"]
['Casual Vietnamese restaurant in Chinatown. Tried "XL" seafood noodle soup, BBQ beef noodle, and fresh spring rolls. Everything came out fast and was delicious. \n\nGreat value, quick service, and great food. I\'m a fan.']
["This place has gone so far downhill I'm surprised it's not underground. The service was atrocious from start to finish. Of our four orders, my daughter's noodle dish, came out 15min after the first dish and only because I finally lost my patience and asked for some help from someone other than our server (who seemed to disappear off the face of the planet after taking or order).\n\nThe food flavor is the only reason for the second star. While the tastes were classic Pastuer they seem to have added a lot of oil to the pho (see photo). It was so dense that it seemed to coat our mouths in grease. \n\nIt was very difficult to get anyone to come to our table during our meal and the check was practically thrown on the table as the person ran by at Mach 2. That was definitely the last time we go here, especially with so many great options in the immediate neighborhood."]
["I can only review #13 on the menu-- the beef noodle soup, size large.\n\nWhile I can't tell you much about the menu, what I can tell you is that #13 is piping hot, flavorful (with MSG to thank? No worries, I love this pho so much it could do no wrong), consistent (I've had it since I was a child, and then twice a week during the summer of '15), and FRESH. \n\nWith beef that is a juicy red, noodles that are always cooked through, and the perfect ratio of meat to noodles to broth, this is my dream pho (ratios are important!) Ask for extra onions!\n\nDon't expect 5 star service or tasteful decor-- expect a yummy and satisfying bowl of pho, delivered to your table within 10 minutes of your ordering it."]
["Solid place for a pretty tasty, affordable meal.  I had the beef noodle soup (size: large) and my friend ordered the chicken noodle soup (size: small) and an order of the pad thai (so that she would have leftovers for later).  The servings were generous- I would definitely come back for a casual, cheap weeknight meal.  The service was not the best- i asked for more water and never received a refill, and we had to hunt down our waiter who disappeared halfway through our meal when we were antsy to pay the check.  But if you go in not expecting stellar service, you won't have much to complain about!"]
["Really disappointed this visit. The Pho was garbage. Watered down. Worst pho I've had....not sure what happened."]
["This is definitely my favorite Vietnamese spot in boston. Their potions are great and they are wicked fast. Perfect for a quick weekday lunch!\n\nI love that this place is so vegan friendly. My favorite is the tofu salad. It comes with tons of cabbages and other veggies with tofu on top so the texture never gets boring. It's also ginormous!!\n\nTheir vermicelli bowls are also a great bet. I love how there are so many different combinations. The sauce is like crack.\n\nI've also had the summer rolls and Vietnamese sweet and sour soup here. Both were great too!!\n\nAlthough service here can be a hit or miss, i can't say I really expected more from a Chinatown business. The waiters I've had were either amazing or awful but the owner who's always standing near the door never seizes to stop smiling."]
['When visiting Boston from down South, I came across this place and wanted to try. Food is great customer service was not. The waiter/waitress was too busy talking instead of taking orders. I waited for 35-40 minutes for a smoothie; meanwhile, food took 5 mins. I would recommend the food, but not the service!!']
["This used to be my go to place for Pho in Chinatown, however my most recent visit will not warrant a visit in the future. First of all this place is crowded and part of it is location wise, it is the first Vietnamese restaurant upon entering China town  district. Given its efficiency, we didn't have to wait too long to get a table. The reason for the average ratings is the food. We had a Beef Pho, the beef wasn't very tender and most importantly the broth was warm, felt like the noodle had been waiting at the counter for awhile. And then we also had a lemongrass porkchop rice, where the rice was not very edible as I suspect the rice was the remainders of the rice cooker. And there also seemed to be a lack of waiters, as we had to wait for 10 minutes in order for the waiter to realize that we wanted to buy. Most likely will not be coming back here again as there are better ones in the area."]
["We went here after reading so many reviews and everyone gushing about how the pho was so good. Our experience was really bad, even after we explained to the server that we can not have pork and ordering a seafood broth she brought out a regular pho with pork inside. \nAfter we explained again and ordered a simple seafood pho the server didn't seem to know what was going on, it was so slow and it seemed obvious that they were pissed off about us wanting to get what we ordered. I'm not a picky person and don't mind waiting if its busy because obviously they are busy but it was just really bad overall. \nWon't go back!"]
["Went here on Monday this week and it hit the pho spot I have been missing?! Fast and responsive staff at the location and brought everything out within 15 minutes!\n\nEverytime I go there I get the extra large pho with extra beef on the side and my wifey gets the seafood birds nest. Just thinking about it makes me drool with my body moving towards the car to get there! The broth in the pho doesn't need much of the sauces to adjust the flavor because it's so rich in flavor compared to the local ones around it. the soup is always boiling hot when it comes to your table which is a plus. Many pho places I've been to always have their soup Luke warm which ruins the whole experience and less tasty.\n\nThey also provide you coupons after the meals if you parked at one of the parking garages on beach street."]
["Grilled sliced pork with rice and nuoc cham is one of my favorite Vietnamese dishes but Pho Pasteur doesn't do it justice.  A good amount of the pork was half fat and half meat resulting in a disappointing experience.  The pork wasn't good quality either.  Pho Hoa around the corner does this dish much better with a better presentation.  Take this review with a grain of salt because I didn't sample the pho, but I've heard the pho isn't great here either from the wifey.  The avocado shake was good though, although that's hard to mess up."]
["I agree with other reviewers that this place has gone all the way downhill.  The service has gone from eccentric to absolutely appalling. The pho broth doesn't taste rich or complex; it's just salt, grease, and MSG.  The last time I was here, I witnessed an employee walk right out of a bathroom stall and back to work without washing her hands.  NEVER AGAIN!"]
["I was seated pretty quickly, just about every table was full. They bring tea to you as soon as you are seated. Water is not offered, and it is hard to get your waiters attention once they sit you down. They are constantly  running back and forth as it Is very busy. Place is a little dingy. Food service is really quick, ordered a side which came out in about 3-4 mins and then 30 secs later, my noodles were brought out. Servers are pretty rude, but that's honestly very typical in the Asian restaurant  business. I noticed they don't clean the tables in between customers, I seen a few tables leave while I was there and once they were up and on their way out, they seat the next person waiting there. Alot of meat came with my noodles. But wish there was more noodles, I ordered a large and didn't have enough  noodles to get through the beef.\nI ordered an extra large of take out the next day and it was the same size as the large. \nI also asked for the meat to be cooked as I am pregnant and when I got back to eat,  I opened the box and there was raw meat on top of my noodles. Prices are average  and fair. Overall not a bad experience  would return."]
["2 1/2 stars. We ordered BBH and fresh spring rolls. Taste was fine however quality of ingredients was very poor. Sprouts were turning brown, beef was full of gristle and vermicelli noodles were tasteless. Their large is actually a medium. This certainly isn't the West Coast. Clearly Bostonians don't know pho considering the number of awards posted around the establishment."]
['Love Pho, Will take it anyway I can get it... Have been going to Pho Pasteur for years, Never disappoints... \n\nI think they often look at me like Ooh you american fat girl when I want to order 100 things but hey, Im hungry &amp; their food is great... So judge on, Im eating! Tiny seating!']
['Quick service, decent food.\nDepending on what you take it will be either excellent or ok food.\n\nThe reason why most people go is for the noodle soups, I had a different dish this time to try and it was ok. I would suggest to stick with the noodle soups and go elsewhere if you want something non liquid.\n\nI will come again, for soup next time. Went several times and have no remarks on the noodle soups.']
["I love the Pho here, it's probably the best pho in town from my experience. I also like their vermicelli with grill pork, so yummy. \n\nThe price is reasonable, the food came out very fast so if you are in a rush, this place is perfect for you.\n\nThe only things I hate about this place, the staff here never smile. They will throw you a check before you finish your bowl."]
['This is the best Pho place in Chinatown. I love that they are generous with amount of meat they put in the soup. My go-to place for pho. Other entree like grilled pork chop on vermicelli is great too.']
['I very seldom give such low reviews.  I tried to find something to give another star but couldn\'t think of any reason.  The food was not very good.  I ordered a chow food and the sauce is literally drowning in oil. The veggies were cut uneven...which for some it may not matter but some pieces were the size of my son\'s pinky and some the size of his palm.  My son had the shiniest fried rice I\'ve ever seen.  Pretty sure it\'s not heart healthy grease.  My daughter didn\'t even want to eat her seafood clear noodle soup and that\'s usually her favorite vietnamese dish.  The curry rice had no sauce and when we asked for extra sauce it tasted different than the rest of the dish.  We had to ask 2 different people to bring us water.  Servicr was definitely not served with a smile.  My husband had taken one bite of his spring roll appetizer and said "this place isn\'t that great."   The worse part was the lady flossing her teeth behind the counter where they also keep their teacups facing up. Dong Khan is and will continue to be our go to for good vietnamese food.  Too bad it was closed today.']
["Came here with friends after reading reviews on Yelp, we had to see how good the Pho was... The food was decent. The staff was inattentive, we literally had to call them over to take our order when it wasn't even busy. And the worst part of all was my friend found a piece of string in her soup. Are you joking? A piece of string..."]
['Quick efficient service, authentic options, great noodle soups and tasty drinks .. We keep coming back']
["So I take back the fact that I said they aren't to friendly I have been going there sine I was 5 months pregnant my son is now 6 months old and I still go whenever we have appointments. \nI actually look forward to going to appointments so I can go get pho. The staff is very friendly once they get to know you and they do remember you. They are super friendly to my son and what mom doesn't love that. \nThis place is my breathe of fresh air even when we were all sick with the cold we came to get Pho. \n\nI usually get my usual Extra Large Chicken noodle and now they know my order without me having to order. \n\nSo yes now I give them a 5 out of 5"]
['This place was incredibly packed when we got here, which I took as a good sign. I ordered the seafood pho and it was disgusting. It tasted like a bag of frozen seafood was thrown into some pretty weak broth with noodles. \n\nEating was extremely uncomfortable too because I could barely move. The tables are almost crammed together. Definitely not worth the trek.']
['As a vegetarian on a work trip, I just wanted something yummy, with lots of options and authentic. This was great and located centrally in the theatre district near W hotel. Had the spicy vegetables and tofu in curry soup which was a generous portion and just the right amount of spice. Despite being busy the food arrived within five minutes.']
["Highly over rated. \n\nThis was the happening place in China Town. The Pho was ok, we've had better. \n\nThe service was average.\n\nPrices average.\n\nThis place just didn't go it for us. Wanted to love it, but it just wasn't there for us. You will see if you try it."]
['The best pho hands down. Something different with their broth. It brings back amazing memories of snowy days in Boston. \nOrder the beef chow foon in town. The veggies inside are superb.']
["Ah.....my first pho experience in Boston, even the East coast for that matter, and I can say it was a good one! \n\nThis place just happens to be 2 minutes from me so I have been frequenting this establishment quite a bit within the past month.\n\nThe pho is good, not anything spectacular, but still delicious.  The quality varies from time to time so it's really a hit or a miss.  But most of the time, it's consistently delicious.  With winter approaching, there is no doubt in my mind I will probably live here.\n\nThe only minor issue I have with this place is the service.  Sometimes, they are really attentive but other times they really don't care.  We often have to flag someone down if we want anything.\n\nAs far as the Pho, I usually get the large Beef soup with rare steak and flank steak.  With a $0.20 cent price difference between a small and a large, why would anyone settle for a small?  They also always give you a good amount of meat so that's always a plus.  The quality of the meats are a hit or miss though.  I would say more often than not, the meat is very fatty and chewy.\n\nMake sure you ALWAYS ask for a side plate of white onions (only if you like it of course).  And make sure you douse it with a lovely combination of hoisin sauce, sriracha sauce, and lime juice.  Mix it all up and eat it with every bite of Pho!  It'll blow your mind!  I was recently introduced to this secret by a fellow pho lover and pho just tastes so bland without it now!  I guarantee you'll love it!"]
["A very tasty but unassuming pho restaurant at the edge of Chinatown. Prices are very reasonable, and I always end up eating more than I think I will because the pho itself is very good quality. \n\nI always get the beef noodle soup (Pho Hoac Mi Bo), specifically a large of the special combination with rare steak, well-done flank, brisket, tendon, and tripe. It's only $0.20 more expensive than the small, and while I have no idea of the size difference, large has always been exactly enough to satisfy me. The meat is cooked well, and I finish off with a few sips of the broth. \n\nAlso tried the Che Ba Mau (an ice dessert of red bean, jelly, syrup, and coconut milk topped with ground peanut), which came in a skinny glass so it was a bit difficult to eat, but nonetheless a good way to end the meal. \n\nService is very fast, and they provide ample amounts of bean sprouts and parsley. I've also never had to be seated (the restaurant seats way more than you'd think). A solid choice for anyone craving a bowl of pho that won't disappoint!"]
['Service is awful, sure, but this is by far the best pho in Boston. Will always keep coming for more!']
["Actually 2 and half stars!\nI had an extra large beef noodle soup with yellow noodles. There was good medium-rare roastbeef and well done beef. The broth wasn't too salty, the only thing I didn't like was the cilantro inside.\nThe environment is a little bit noisy and not so clean.\nRude service, we had to call the attention of the waiter twice because he forgot to bring us tap water. \nAlso when we step inside they didn't allow us to go where we wanted to seated with no reason!!!\nNormal food and bad service!"]
['The pho is decent, but the service is absolutely not. Took a long time for someone to take our order. When we finally get our food, someone comes and reaches across our table while we are eating to replace spoons. Can they not wait until people are done eating? Absolutely poor manners']
["Like all other reviews, this joint is one of the better spots to get some good ole MSG induced beef noodle soup. (Pho)\n\nYou get a lot more variety here with the options to get a larger bowl for $1 more.\n\nXL was definitely too filling for me but I still managed to finish it!\n\nAnyways, the service was okay. One of my friends asked for ONE, yes one glad of water and she came back with four not to get pissed off when we only took one glass.\n\nSide note I had a sip of my buddy's Bun Bo Hue and thought it was okay. This place doesn't specialize it but I'll tell you that the soup base was a bit weak and the spicyness was trying to make up for the weak broth."]
['This is a great Vietnamese restaurant in Chinatown. I usually get two from the following appetizers (Wonton soup, beef teriyaki sticks, fresh spring rolls, and fried egg rolls) rather than order from the main course, because I like the variety of getting two dishes rather than one. \n\nI would give 5 stars for the food, but I have to take one off for service, which can be hit or miss depending on how busy they are.']
['Delicious pho at a reasonable price. Only thing I would say is that they should include more noodles in their X-large bowls. We were seated quickly and service was fast.']
["Good Asian food in Boston is scarce. Based on word of mouth, my friend and I decided to try this place. It is quite good, thank goodness! I mean, I've definitely had better but it is decent and I would definitely be back again. \n\nSo far, I've only tried their pho, #20 (with rare steak and well-done brisket) and #23 (beefball). The meats are delicious. I could eat them with the sriracha sauce and hoison sauce by itself. The broth is a little lighter than I usually like it, but not a big deal. They only have small, large, and x-large, which I find weird but all are under $8. \n\nThe cold vermicelli bowls look delicious, too. \n\nStaff is prompt. Bathrooms are clean. The restaurant is always busy, but luckily so far, I've been seated right away. I've seen there is a wait once in a while but the crowd never gets too out of control."]
["This is a review of Pho Pasteur... but it isn't about the pho. I didn't try it.\n\nThis review is about Pho Pasteur's rice plates, which are enormous, filling, and very, very delicious. If you come to Pho Pasteur as hungry as I was when I stopped by, you don't want to be slurping soup. You want to be stuffing your face full of really tasty fried rice, fried eggs, and meat as fast as you possibly can.\n\nSo yeah. I was hungry. No... I was ravenous. I ordered a rice plate with BBQ pork chops. I substituted fried rice for two bucks extra, and added two fried eggs for another $1.50. Totally, totally worth it, especially if your motto is the same as mine: The more fried food on your plate, the better!\n\nThe rice plate came with lettuce, tomatoes, and cucumbers, all of which were crisp and very fresh. Now, with all that glorious fried food and meat in front of me, you'd think I'd have no interest in veggies. But they were really quite refreshing, and tasted amazing when dabbled with a little hot sauce!\n\nService was lousy, but they were really busy, and I didn't come here expecting a fine dining experience (duh), so it's okay. My bill came to about twelve dollars, and I left with my belly full. That's all that matters."]
["We were visiting Boston from San Francisco and we walked passed here the other night and notice how many people were waiting in line to eat here. With Boston getting colder and colder, we thought it would be a great idea to eat noodle soup for a night to warm ourselves up. \n\nWe got here around 7:00pm on a Saturday night and we were lucky enough to get seated immediately because the place was already filled with a lot of people. I ordered a bowl of pho and my fiancé ordered a rice plate. Food came out fairly quickly and their service in general was fast! \n\nThe food here was amazing! The broth tasted great and the portion was well worth the price. You definitely cannot go wrong with hot soup to combat the cold night. The rice place isn't half bad either and it tasted great! I definitely prefer the pho over the rice plate though. \n\nThe value of the food for the price I paid is very well worth it. Visit this spot if you're in town and I know you will not be disappointed."]
['No star I will give them . The worst service ever!!!When I ask them for more napkins , they ignore me and pretend to be no see ! WT* Finally, I need to get by myself ! I will never be here again.']
['I got a pineapple tomato tofu dish and it was so, so tasty with rice. Highly recommend and will definitely come againl']
["The food was good -- my pho had a lot more meat than I'm used to! -- but they messed up our bill. We had a party of eight, and usually with a large party they include the tip in the bill right? And indeed, no one could find their menu price on the itemized check. My $8.50 large pho was listed at $10.20 (+20%). But when we were about to leave, they claimed we hadn't tipped them. No one wanted to fight, so we dropped another $20 and left, but I won't be going back."]
["1.5 stars.\n\nI've been here a couple of times and every time, the service has been super fast.  But when I came here the other day, I was so disappointed.  I came with 3 of my girlfriends around lunch time and were seated within 15 minutes and the waitress immediately took our order since we all knew what we wanted already.  USUALLY the food comes out within 10 minutes because it doesn't take that long to make pho....but we waited 30 minutes.  There were many tables that were seated AFTER us and LEFT before we even got our food.  I'm sorry, but that's unacceptable, ESPECIALLY since we ordered the same dishes as those tables.  We asked the waitresses multiple times where our food was and they kept on saying they would check but it STILL TOOK 30 MINUTES. And when our food finally came out, the pho was COLD/LUKEWARM (disgusting) - like it had been sitting in the kitchen for awhile.  Our meat was still raw and it wasn't cooking like it usually was supposed to.  We told them and they took it back, but they seemed annoyed at us because we were complaining. There was no reason for them to give us attitude -  it wasn't our fault that our food was served 30 minutes later AND cold.\n\nOverall this experience was just not a good one and I'm not sure how often I'll be coming back."]
["This is the only place I would eat my pho. Service is super quick and the pho is beyond amazing. I usually take a sip of the broth before I add anything to my pho and it never disappoints me. I'd always finish my soup even if I have noodles leftover. It is a SIN not to finish the broth. Only complaint is recently the noodle has been a tiny tiny bit over cooked."]
["Maybe it was because I got takeout but this was really just sub par. Ordered two orders of the chicken noodle soup and it tasted like the chicken had gone bad a long time ago. The soup was 98% broth and there really wasn't a taste to anything else. Maybe it was just an off night but we definitely won't be returning."]
["More than decent pho restaurant. Their bun bo hue was on point and super delish. Their spring rolls were warm though. Ick. They weren't warm by design due to freshly cooked meat either, they were warm as if they were accidentally left out of the fridge. The male hosts at the front door were helpful and polite. The female wait staff left a bit to be desired. They weren't horrible, they were just blah. Forgotten drinks, not checking back on the customers, having their own conversations in their native language which seemed way more important than customers...etc. The restaurant wasn't super clean but it's like others say - just eat your food and don't look in the kitchen."]
['Why beef has to be rare? I\'ve had pho in LA &amp; SF before, and this is weird to me. Anyway... food is not that great. The fresh spring rolls were falling apart, the peanut sauce was "meh", and the Thai iced tea was so small that I sipped it in 2 seconds. I ordered the a basic small pho and it is a huge amount of food in such tiny bowl. It was cold when they served it so I got grossed out in the middle of my meal since the meat was still rare. \n\nOk Boston, I guess you have other great things to try instead!']
["I have such a love-hate-relationship with this restaurant. I go to Emerson College, so I've been here quite a few times these past couple of years. It's a great place to get a cheap, hearty meal during breaks in between classes. But it's not the best pho I've ever had, and definitely not the best Vietnamese food I've ever had, but it does the trick. The pho is definitely better than their vermicelli and their rice plates, but vermicelli and rice plates are my favorite Vietnamese dishes. It's always quite a conundrum to order. Although I always forget my own recommendations and get the lemon grass vermicelli, only to see it and become sorely disappointed. And then taste it and become even more disappointed. It is just so overwhelmingly mediocre, and doesn't taste anything of lemongrass. \n\nMy other huge problem with this restaurant is the customer service. If you aren't coming in with a large group (or $$$), you will get overlooked. So much so that they might not even bring you water and tea (this has happened to me multiple times). The last time I went,I was alone and they stuck me in a corner and basically barricaded me in with chairs they needed moved out of the way. I understand that space can be an issue, but I was blocked off from the rest of the restaurant and then my servers forgot about me. I was not amused.\n\nBut why do I still go here? And why do I give three stars even after this long rant? It's cheap and the portions are huge. Don't judge."]
["haven't been back as frequently as before; would still grab a take-out and/or shake from time to time.  they have renovated and expanded since couple years ago; more seating, more crowded. haha\n\nred bean shake is good.  they still make the best durian shake in the area...if you're into that sort of thing."]
['The floors may be grimy, the service may not be great, but the food is healthy and good.  Unlike some other restaurants in Chinatown, this one has a bit more flavor, and a lot less sugar/oil in the food.  The flavor is great, and the pho is meaty.']
["It's a very popular pho place because it's always packed. The seafood pho I had was great, as well as the egg rolls. I don't recommend chow fun though, it's Chinese dish but they made it a bit different. It's incredibly huge amount. I like their Thai milk tea and hot tea."]
["Pho Pasteur was absolutely delicious!\n\nI can never get enough of pho soup and this pho was of great quality!\n\nI ordered the Ph Bò Viên (vietnamese meatball pho soup) and it did not disappoint. The large, which was the perfect portion, was only $7.95. The flavor was on point and not watered down like I fear since I've had only the one bad pho experience.\n\nMy fiancé had the sweet and sour chicken and loved it. The portion was HUGE! Definitely enough for one or two leftover meals.\n\nWe also had the beef teriyaki sticks and they were also tasty and not too sweet.\n\nThe service was speedy to say the least. I may have only waited 5 minutes, if that, for my pho and appetizer to arrive. The sweet and sour chicken took only a couple minutes longer.\n\nFor only $30 we had an order of a bubble tea shake, an appetizer, pho AND a chicken entreé. We will be back soon for more!"]
['Fried spring rolls were dry, fresh spring rolls were a little plain, but the pho was good.']
['Amazing - a new staple for me in town. I love the special pho, banh xeo, summer rolls, and anything over vermicelli. I strongly recommend.']
['Did not get the pho, but a vegetarian noodle dish. The portion was large, but it was extremely bland and almost watery--I did not get the rest to take home. The space is nice. However, my group had a bad experience with the waiters.The waiters literally come around every 30 seconds until you are ready to order, and when I had a question about an item on the menu one of them was extremely rude.']
['Pho. Not "faux", but "pha". I appreciate good pho, and I\'m pleased to say that I always enjoy a good bowl of pho every time I come here. Under $10 for a bowl that\'s super huge, you cannot go wrong. \n\nNo matter what time of day, this place is quite busy because of their large menu and quick turnaround. I\'ve always had their pho, and I always get a small or medium bowl, depending on my mood. I do want to try their white rice dishes though...they always look super tasty. \n\nJosh always seems to wear a white shirt every time we come, and then he ends iup wearing his curry veggie pho on his shirt. Ha! I like that they have an abundance of chili garlic sauce and hot peppers for you to eat with your meal. Portion sizes are awesome and very big. Appetizers are tasty too. We tried the vegetarian spring rolls, and they were very very good. And I don\'t even like tofu...:)\n\nBTW, I can use chopsticks, but not very well. I\'\'m the weirdo that commits the blasphemous crime of asking for a fork. Like yeah chick, get outta Chinatown if you can\'t use chopsticks. Hey I can play Chopsticks...does that count?']
["I suggest coming here for a quick pho experience! I always get the fresh spring roles, and any variation on the beef or chicken pho. It's a classic, simple pho place. \n\nService is fast unless you come during lunch, which I highly recommend not doing. I've been here with a group of 6 during dinner time and the service was great. \n\nOther than that, this location is in the heart of the city, and a 5-10 min walk from the orange line, green line, silver and red line."]
['Great service, spring rolls came quickly for two hungry girls.\n\nI stick with the pho basics, rare steak only in a small bowl. The meat was still a little pink when I got it but cooked within a few minutes. The noodles were perfect. Great lunch spot, not too busy on a Sunday afternoon.']
['The pho was really good but the waiting time for my check , to get the food and be served was a little longer than usual . Like a guy came in way after us and left before us. But overall I would recommend this restaurant to friends']
['Totally good for Vietnamese noodle soup in Boston.\n\nService is poor but the food at the price point makes sense. \n\nHad an extra large beef noodle bowl which works out to be slightly over 10 USD after tax.  Nice flavor at large portion. \n\nWill come back, but not for dates or with significant other.  The ambiance is not great.']
["Felt like a Pho for breakfast when I was in Boston and dropped into Pasteur. I had tried the competition Pho Hoa a few years on my last visit to Boston so decided on Pasteur this time.\n\nAs it was early morning, there was only 1 other customer in the place when I arrived. Ordered the extra large special beef Pho and it came out after a few minutes. A massive bowl of piping hot soup with plenty of meat and noodles. I gave it a brave effort but couldn't finish the massive serving. You could easily split this bowl between 2 people and be still stuffed !! So it is definitely value for money for the price paid.\n\nIt wasn't the best Pho broth I have had but it was decent enough with enough flavour and depth. Was just lacking something, maybe it was still early in the morning and the broth hadn't had enough time to simmer and develop that elusive depth?"]
["Oh, how I miss good pho when I want a good hangover cure. I also crave it on a cold day. I came here on a couple of occasions and all I can say about their pho is that it is satisfactory. This is better than a lot of the options in Chinatown though. \n\nA large bowl of pho is $7.50 and a XL is $7.95. One time when I had the pho, the broth was not hot enough to cook the raw beef slices. But I had it again recently, the beef was at least almost cooked by the time it came out. I usually get the pho dac biet. The broth was pretty good the second time. It tastes very pepper-y.\n\nI also tried their chicken over rice and it was decent. It comes with chicken, broccoli, bell peppers and some sauce with a big portion of rice. The broccoli is cooked perfectly. \n\nEvery time I go, I get seated right away, which is a good thing because I hate waiting sometimes. The service was ok. There is room for improvement such as going to the tables and refill the tea, actually giving the right order of drinks, asking how everything is.. Overall, it wasn't bad."]
['Bad Service? Pho-geddabout it! \n\nLocated in Chinatown, Pho Pasteur provided me a delicious bowl of pho in the cold New England weather. I ordered a large tai pho (rare steak $7.50) which had a delightful, rich beef broth with onion, cilantro and green scallions floating on top. The noodles were cooked perfectly and the thin beef slices were plentiful. We were quickly served but had to request refills of our water.\n\nThe evening we came here, it was packed with customers who ordered only the pho. They know a good thing too! \n\nPho-sure try this place out!']
['One of my favorite things to do in the city is spend the day wandering and eating tons of food. This is by far my favorite pit stop in Chinatown, always has amazing Pho and spring rolls. Service is quick and the food hits the spot every time.']
["Been here plenty of times in need of craving vietnamese food, specifically pho. But lately, this place has been super lame and terrible from what I remember it used to be.\n\nI never bothered making reviews on my past experiences but the service has been pretty bad lately. I came with a group of friends last week and we weren't even greeting a hello, or anything? They just counted and threw our menus on the table and that was it.\n\nThis is also the second time I asked for water refills and never received water even when I asked twice! \n\nOther than service, food is never bad. Always quick, and hot!"]
["The portions are small (lacking both meat and noodles) and the service is mediocre. They are quick to get you a seat and take your order, but after that sequence, they are gone! Fortunately, there are spoons, chopsticks, napkins, and condiments already at the tables... Regarding the pho, I find the broth to be bland. I always need to add oyster sauce and Sriracha to my bowl!\n\nThey always forgot my appetizers... But I think it's for the better because they are very underwhelming. The spring rolls are pretty bad... Lacking fresh lettuce and meat, not to mention, the peanut butter sauce tastes off. \n\nThe credit card minimum is extremely low ($10). If you're eating alone, you need to order a drink or appetizer to make the mark to use your card!"]
['Food was solid but I was overcharged. When I questioned the check (it made no sense and had extra line items) I was given a hard time. And then the waitress was unable to justify the math and admitted it was wrong.']
['Pho here is very good , service is awesome\nWill Definitely come back next trip to Boston']
['Is this really the best Pho in Boston?\nDid any of the people who wrote that in previous reviews happen to stop by the restroom? \nYou don\'t even reach the actual rest room when you\'re knocked back against the wall from the stench of urine to say nothing of how disgusting it is when you actually walk in the actual restroom; beyond disgusting. \n\nOh and the chairs, I kept rocking back and forth involuntarily and the one my mom was sitting on kept squeaking loudly. I looked around and it seemed all the chairs were circa 1920. By the end of the meal I had developed a motion system to keep myself from falling off or causing the bits of the raggedy  1920\'s chair we were sitting on to finally splinter into pieces beneath me. \n\nMaybe the 5 star reviewers are use to it, but I personally don\'t like to be blatantly stared at while I\'m eating. The waiters/servers/bus boys... whatever they were, were leaning against the nearby tables and just watching us eat while speaking Vietnamese and I mean like staring adamantly at everything we did. At one point I looked up from my soup and looked back in a: "Can I help you?" kind of stare. The result was that they all started laughing and speaking to each other in Vietnamese. Maybe it\'s a game they all partake in called: "Let\'s see how uncomfortable we can make our non-Vietnamese out of town customers." \n\nAnd of course the Pho. 6.95 for a small and I\'m so glad I got the small because it was terrible. The broth lacked flavor, the veggies were not as fresh as I\'m use to having it, and I think it was the first time I left so much pho behind after a meal (see pic) Such a disappointment, I refuse to believe this is the best Pho Boston has to offer.']
["In my travels I often seek Pho restaurants. I prefer the chicken Pho; IE Pho Ga. For me I have noticed that tasting the broth gives me an idea of the quality of the Pho immediately. If I like the broth, typically (not always), the rest falls into place.\n\nLong story short I enjoy the broth here. And true to form the rest of the soup is as good A the rice noodles, sprouts, pieces of chicken, etc are all flavorful, cooked properly, and thoroughly enjoyable. This place served their Pho with lime (some use lemons which I prefer), but one thing missing was pieces of jalapeños...\n\nThe establishment was busy but my secret was quick to assist me and my order ready quickly. \n\nThis place would be great for long time Pho-lovers such as myself as well as people who have never tried it. I hope the rest of the menu (it's a full menu to be sure) is as good!\n\nCome check this place out! There are a lot of options in the area but I wax lucky enough to see good reviews about this place and was within walking distance so here I  am happily enjoying my Pho!!!"]
['Roaches!!! This place need to be cleaned and a good fumigation. A roach crawled on the fish tank next to our table. That aside, the pho was good and they have all the good Asian beers.']
['I have been to Pho Pasteur a couple of times now, and I have to say I like it more and more each time. The food is very good, and the spices just right, the portions are big, you could easily pay $8 for dinner and have left over for lunch the next day. The service is ok, not perfect, but the ambiance is pretty good. All in all, this place is great for the money.']
["Me and Pho Pasteur have a love and hate relationship. But I always go back to them. I used to live in Chinatown so I've been to all the Vietnamese restaurants in the area, but I still think they have the best pho. Regardless to say, I will still go back to them for a quick lunch or for a bowl of hangover pho.\n\nI stopped eating beef pho or much beef a few years ago because I was reducing my intake of red meat. I'm also dating someone who doesn't eat beef. Everything that I've got here that's not beef is amazing - including but not limited to the chicken pho (you really can't go wrong with pho ga), the hot and sour soup, the watercress soup, the bun thit nuong cha gio - all of which were amazing. I don't go here often with big groups because it's just a quick stop for a cheap, yummy bowl of soup. \n\nI came here for lunch one day and decided to get the beef pho again since I was with someone who eats beef. The beef always comes out raw, and you have to submerge it under everything else to get it cooked, but the soup wasn't hot enough! I had to pack it and microwave it at home. I didn't think it would be sanitary to have them reheat the bowl and stuff and some of the waiters/waitresses are scary (and I've seen them be rude before) so I didn't want to ask them for another bowl.\n\nI don't really ask for much when I'm eating cheap, but a bowl of soup that's hot enough to cook the meat really isn't asking much!"]
['This is my go-to spot for Vietnamese cuisine if I\'m ever in Chinatown! Always a pleasure coming here to eat pho. Not really their rice dishes doe LOL. \nAt a Vietnamese restaurant, especially in a crowded, Chinatown area, I have to say service isn\'t the best, but you do get your food on time and you do get it without the slightest mistake. At least the amount of times I\'ve been here, they\'ve never gotten an order wrong. They delayed on my iced coffee doe, I wish I got that before getting a hot bowl of soup.\nI\'m beginning to enjoy #19, a large pho tai with well-done flank. Delicious rice noodles, with delicious beef, bean sprouts, basil, onions, and lime. Ooo it doesn\'t get any better than this. This place is almost as good as my mom\'s home made pho, but let me tell you my mom\'s pho is better LOL. \nWhen I was here in the past, I got rice dishes and it didn\'t seem up to par for me. For a dish for pork chops, the rice was dry and even the meat was dry. I feel like the meat was a little too overcooked. The flavor was all there and stuff, but I\'ve had better before. Their "bi" the weird noodle looking things that you get with the dish wasn\'t that great either. It was too sour and I\'m pretty sure it\'s supposed to be yummy and a little bitter. Their "cha" wasn\'t even that good either LOL. Slacking quite a bit, the meat tasted a little sour as well. It probably isn\'t as fresh as it\'s supposed to be and probably frozen then cooked.']
['Hands down, the best pho in Boston! Their garlic chili pepper is very tasty and spicy. The best that I have ever had in Boston.\n\nThe eggrolls did not taste fresh but they were fried well and the filling was quite tasty. The springrolls on the other hand, were fresh and very yummy.']
["The pho here is so amazing (especially no.  12-14). It's a great lunch or dinner place, the staff are friendly, the atmosphere is great and the food is delicious!!"]
["Want decent cheap pho and grab a beer? Go here. Some days the the soup is lacking in the flavor department but it's always dependable. I suggest everyone try it at least twice."]
['20 cents more for Large vs. Small. Portions are quite decent. Beef noodle soup includes everything fyi.']
["This is the place to go to if you want good food that is inexpensive, filling, and served quickly. For the past 8 years or so, I've only ordered the two same dishes: pho tai or the BBQ pork on rice with veggies. \n\nOne thing to note about the pho: the L and XL bowls are considerably entree sizes whereas the small won't fill you up."]
['This place is so good! Best vegetarian pho in Boston and great location. I could eat here every night.']
["In cold or warm weather, Pho Pasteur is the best place to eat delicious viet food. \nThere will be people who will tell you that there's a better place for Pho, but out of all the places I've tried Pho Pasteur's soup broth is by far the most flavorful. \n\nI always get the orders 12-14 (they're the same thing just in different portions) in the winter when it's crazy cold outside and the wind feels like knife cuts to the face. \nOR\nIf it's hot, humid and disgusting outside I'll go for an iced Viet coffee with the Vermicilli noodles (Number 51) which comes with shredded lettuce, bean sprouts, mint, basil, ground peanuts, sliced cucumbers and a side of fish sauce to pour over the noodles. Number 51 comes with their fantastic lemongrass pork AND a crispy eggroll! The best thing about that fish sauce is that when you break up that crispy eggroll, all that sauce just absorbs into the crispy wrapper and it's the best thing in the world. UGH *Salivates all over keyboard*\n\nOh, don't come here expecting great service all the time. Expect that your food will always be the way it was when you first ordered it. YAY consistency!"]
["Not a bad option for pho in downtown. It's probably not the best, but it satisfies my cravings. I like the bo vien and the thit nuong vermicelli bowl is pretty good. I love that the restaurant itself is simple too, just like in Vietnam."]
["I love Pho Pasteur! It is often my lunch time destination!! The soups are delicious and hardy. They willingly add broccoli for me. I'm quite addicted to the curry soup right now but I've tried the chicken soup, curry soup and some of the rice plates as well as the lemongrass dishes. I've always walked away happy and satisfied. \n\nThe medium to large bowls are a bargain if you can control your portions and bring half home. Two meals for under $10.00 is hard to find!  \n\nSome of the staff do not speak English very well so if you need menu alterations it's best to go in and order. Calling does not work very well! Experience is absolutely all about learning. I've gone with the flow, accepted the curve balls and am still loving my number one soup kitchen destination place!\n\nThankfully I have a coworker who's come with me for years!!! Thanks Pho!!"]
["Speedy service, flavorful pho broth, yummy and crispy banh xeo are the positive things about this restaurant from my experience. \n\nHowever, some staff can be rude and shout over each other. Not to say that this isn't common among traditional asian restaurant establishments - but for a nice and popular pho establishment like this one in Boston - improving upon their professional mannerisms would be a plus."]
["The service here was great for us. Usually in Chinatown, the waiters are not super friendly, but the employees here were quick and friendly. I went to the bathroom to wash my hands and by the time I got back the food was already on the table.\n\nIt is pretty authentic here. We came with my sister's fiance whom is Vietnamese and he ordered us spring rolls that we could roll ourselves at the table. (You can obviously order them pre-made). The food was delicious, no complaints. Tables were a little cramped though."]
['Pho all day every day! I love this place for both lunch and dinner. I could order a different thing every single day for a year and still go back for more.']
['BAD SERVICE!! I went there on a cold, rainy day, when I was on my way out, I stood in between the two doors to put on my jacket, the guy thought I am the random person and he told me to leave by knocking the window!!!']
['A solid, consistent, cheap bowl of pho in a city that has a real dearth of pho. Your typical Chinatown establishment: busy, esp during lunch rush, service-less, fluorescently lit. Bun is also up to par.']
['I think this is the best and most authentic pho in Boston. The portions are large and the prices are very reasonable. The restaurant is typical of Chinatown (nothing elaborate!) and service is average but all is made up hot by the great food. I often get takeout here instead of eating in the restaurant.']
['Randomly walked into China town in Boston and saw this pho restaurant. Got seated pretty quickly and ordered the extra large beef pho. Came out quick also and it was huge. I usually get the largest one that a restaurant has to offer and this was by far the biggest. I really enjoyed it and would definitely go back. The only thing was that restaurant was very hot so combined that with the hot pho I was sweating like crazy.']
["Best place in Chinatown, Boston for Pho.  Food is fresh and the prices are right.  Wait service is speedy.  Your order may not come out together, but as soon as they complete cooking a dish, it's delivered to your table, piping hot.  Good place for kids.  The menu is family friendly.  Can't wait to go back."]
["I eat here a lot. Addictive pho soup. Hits the spot every time. Of course Chinatown never disappoints with awful service but when you roll with it, comical.  I wish it wasn't so addictive. I'm gonna have withdrawals when I move."]
["The place is very festive and the place is very bright and cheery. The food is very good but I wish that the broth in the Pho and Wonton soup had more flavor and pizzazz. The fresh rolls were very fresh and but there was a LITTLE to much lettuce. The tea that was automatically served was hot and delicious. Even better when a small amount of sugar is added. \nThe waiters didn't really seem to understand what it ment when you said to put the food in front of a certain person. When I said to put the food in front \nof me he kept thinking it was for someone else at the table. When we came in the table was set nicely. We were glad when there was a place to keep our umbrellas. I would like to come here again. The restaurant was huge. 6 rooms!!!  I would like to come here again and I understand why it was so crouded.\nThe service was also nice."]
['YUM! This was my first time having pho and it was delicious. The atmosphere and service definitely left more to be desired (waiters were rude and ignored us a lot, felt the pressure to eat and get out), but the food was worth it. \n\nThe broth was savory and hot and the basil made the whole thing come together. We both enjoyed the fried spring rolls and the tai (rare beef) noodle bowls with an extra meatball. The prices were beyond extraordinary for what we got. The bowls we ordered were "small" size, but they were still quite big! I couldn\'t even finish everything in my bowl I was too full. \n\nI\'d love to try other things the next time we come. Highly recommended. \n\n(Hint* the friend I went with just came back from Cambodia and says this is typically a breakfast dish in Asia. She loves going there at 9am because not many people go that early. - Either way! I say this is a great spot)']
['This place is a joke. I ordered delivery from Pho Pasteur tonight. The order was very simple, I specifically asked that they include chopsticks, sriracha, and hoisin sauces. When the driver got here, he claimed he didn\'t have change. He did. He left as quickly as possible after he realized he wasn\'t getting a 40% tip. I realized they didn\'t include any sauces or utensils. I called the restaurant and they made it clear they wouldn\'t be sending someone back to correct their mistake even after I explained that I\'m staying at a hotel, which is why a. I ordered delivery and b. Was very specific about what I needed with my order. \nTheir attitude was very much like "Welll, that\'s your problem, sucks to be you."  I went about trying to put my dinner together, only to find that there weren\'t any noodles in my pho ga. I paid $30 plus tip for chicken broth. I called the restaurant again, and kept explaining that I couldn\'t drive to the restaurants to pick up my own noodles because I don\'t have transportation. I got transferred. Someone tried telling me it was the delivery services fault. The delivery service isn\'t responsible for the omission of major components to the dish. I asked for a refund. They said they were sending someone over. I doubt that\'s going to happen. This place is the worst! How can they stay in business behaving this way?!']
["HECK YES!\n\nI am vietnamese and this place is as authentic as it gets. Can get a little rowdy with the waiters screaming in vietnamese all over the place, so probably not a great first date spot. Don't be discouraged though, the food is ON POINT!  \n\nFor those looking to try Vietnamese cuisine, I highly recommend this place. Service is super fast, and you can enjoy a quick and delicious meal with just one of your friends named Alexander Hamilton (hint: $10 bill) if you opt to only get one entree dish. Good luck controlling yourself though.\n\nBeware - portions are LARGE! Don't be shy to ask for a doggy bag, you'll be glad you did. \n\nSplitting 2 entrees with a friend is brilliant.\n\nOverall: Fast, cheap, and authentic. I've also  never had to wait to be seated. Yahooo!"]
["How many of you walk past an Asian restaurant and determine whether it's good by counting the number of asian patrons?\n\nOk, I'm Vietnamese having grown up on my family's pho for breakfast and have traveled numerous times to California for the best pho in the U.S. (Little Saigon).   Eaten all over Virginia, Nyc, SF, Denver, Utah, and Boston.  \n\nPho Pasteur is good, not great but likely among the best in Boston.  Note, I don't get Pho in NYC.   So yes, I'm a regular here to get my fix.   Spring rolls do not use the traditional rice paper wrapper.\n\nBest pho cities?   SoCal (Westminster/Bolsa), San Jose, Houston and Northern Virginia."]
["Probably the least flavorful Pho I've had.  Edible but really really nothing special.  I was placed at an awkward seat near the entrance uncomfortably smushed against a wall and the table wobbled so bad that my tea spilled allover.  Twice."]
['I\'m in love with the pho-bowl--I get it for the low-low! I absolutely adoooore Pho Pasteur Boston. I\'m on the edge of giving 5 stars, because I am literally addicted, but their pho migrates from between pretty good and really freaking great. Granted, pho broth is an evolving concoction, so the flavor changes based on how long it has been simmering. It usually takes several hours (or overnight) to create, so depending on where you land in the lifespan of the particular batch you are served, it is just expected to have slight variations in taste. My personal favorite seems to be when I come dine anytime before noon on any given day. But even later in the evening, I\'ve still been satisfied. \n\nOther items I\'ve tried: fresh spring rolls (some consider these non-fried rolls to be summer rolls, but no, they\'re spring rolls).  I prefer the rolls from other parts of the country (I know, I\'m always comparing Boston and Dallas, but sorry!) Dallas is home to the 2nd largest Vietnamese community in the US (2nd to Houston) and their spring rolls have an added flavor that I haven\'t found here in Boston. Boston spring rolls have shredded iceberg lettuce instead of basil. Fried egg rolls (some places call these fried spring rolls) always a pleasant delight when I\'m in the mood for their crispy yumminess. BBQ Pork Chop with fried egg is also very flavorful, though a little dry/tough and a huge portion.  Not so dry to stop me from ordering again though, and they offer brown rice!  Definitely big enough to take home half for a 2nd full sized meal. Also, they give a complimentary cup of hot green tea, sometimes without asking, or sometimes you have to ask. Sometimes they also bring ice water right away without asking too. Their coffee with condensed milk (ca fe da, or ca phe da) is not served like you will find elsewhere, which is traditionally brewed at your table with a cup-sized coffee press.  Rather, here you will find it already mixed, so I\'m assuming it\'s mass-brewed in the back.\n\nSince I live downtown, I go on kicks and find myself dining here 4 days in a row some weeks. With the weather getting colder I will definitely be stopping by more than I do in the summer when the weather is too muggy to want a hot bowl of anything. \n\nService is about standard for a Vietnamese restaurant. Some may call it rude, but I just call it efficient! None of the ritual courtesies expected of American waitstaff like having the server introduce oneself and offer to walk first-time diners through the menu. For those who are unfamiliar, keep your service expectations light and if you don\'t speak Vietnamese, your experience may vary if you have a specific question about a menu item. Also, the standards for politeness are different in Vietnam than they are here. Many times your entree may arrive before your appetizer. This can be prevented by ordering the appetizer, waiting a bit, then flagging down a server to order your entree. I know, I know, this is uncalled for by American standards, but the food is so good I can\'t say anything bad about this place! \n\nThey\'re open long hours, 9am-11pm. Lunch rush and dinner rush can be hectic.  Solo diners keep in mind, they do have "communal tables" (set up like picnic table style, but with regular chairs) so you may be seated with people you don\'t know. ONCE I did have an interesting seating arrangement where I walked in alone and another guy also walked in alone and they sat us together at a 2-top table. It was like being on the most awkward blind date ever where we both avoided eye contact and he read a newspaper while I played on my phone the entire time. Hey, it\'s a downtown Boston Vietnamese restaurant. Space is limited when crowds are plentiful, and service standards are... different. Again, all is pho-given when their food is so good.']
["Really hopping Vietnamese Restaurant in Boston Chinatown. I attribute it to the prime location. Extensive menu with staple vietnamese cuisine offerings. Pho Dac Biet was solid and hit the spot on a cold winter night. Wait staff was very fast and efficient, they were always at a brisk speed-walking/half-running pace and kept bumping into my table over the course of my meal, which was pretty unpleasant, but whatever, I didn't come here for the ambiance."]
["Came here with a friend for lunch today; she got the pho dac biet, I got the pork chops with rice, we shared. The food came out in 5-10 minutes, and this was during the latter half of the lunch rush, so that was quite impressive!\n\nAs for the food - it was pretty decent. Not the best pork chops and pho I've ever had, but still not that bad. The pho soup had a really persistent layer of oil on top, which coated my lips with every sip, but it was flavorful and hit the spot on a cold busy day. The sauce and veggies that came with the pork chops were spot on.\n\nAll in all, I would give it a 3.5, but I don't mind rounding up to a 4.\n\nSide note: although the service was fast, I'm not sure how great this place is during the work day...the pho smell really clings to your clothes and hair. But if you don't mind that, enjoy! :)"]
['Could be a good choice in Boston but when comparing to what you can get in west coast, it is just normal.']
['3 stars for the pho because its delicious but minus 2 stars for the service because its terrible!!! We waited 40 mins to get asked what we would like and were cramped with another group of people in the same table...talk about awkward!! Also we didnt get napkins even though we asked politely, so we just got up and got some ourselves. The lady at the front desk had the nerve to ask for a tip, uh lady the tip isnt mandatory especially when the service sucks so bad!! I tip for decent or good service not terrible service! I just told her no and walked away!']
["This place is like cancun for cockroaches. The health inspector is probably tied and held hostage in the basement. Disgusting would be a compliment to this place. Ordered about 30 bucks worth of food it was so dirty that I didn't even touch the food. Asked for a check right away, no one seemed to care if anything was wrong or not. This place should be called get the fuck out cafe. I'm still having nightmares that they keep soup spoons on each table, someone could have scratched their nuts with that spoon and put it back up. My jaw still has trouble fully closing. It's like the shittiest place ever. Should have its own zip shit code. That old saying never judge a book by its cover totally got proved wrong here, because I didn't care one bit that I just spent 30 dollars, and didn't even try it... Yeah it was that bad."]
["Excellent service and the pho tastes spectacular. Lots of flavor ...generous portions of the ingredients. The staff doesn't miss a beat in checking your tables and ensuring you are well taken care of. I will definitely be coming back to eat here again."]
["This is probably my favorite restaurant, ever. \n\nWhat you do here, is you go in, wait at most 5 minutes for a table in restaurant that is always packed, sit down and order the Dac Biet: a bowl of delicious pho, jam-packed with bizarre cuts of beef (tendon, tripe, etc), in a fragrant broth.  \n\nA large, which can easily make two or even three meals, if you eat the broth as well as the goodies in it (pho's great for breakfast too!) is $7.75.  The extra large is 20 cents more.  I've never seen anyone finish the extra large bowl.  Honestly, never.  When I feel like splurging I get a side of rare steak and a hot sake (some of which I pour into the pho).  That's another $8 or so.\n\nI've come here with vegetarians who have been happy with their tofu delight (or whatever it's called), and others who branch out, getting spring rolls or an assortment of main courses.  They've always been happy too, but I've never gotten anything besides the beef noodle soup.  It's filling, delicious, and just hits the spot.  \n\nPlus, you get to play with you food a bit, because they bring out a big plate of thai basil, bean sprouts, and lime wedges.  On the table there's sriracha, a house-made chili paste, soy sauce, hoisin sauce, and if you're lucky, little thai chilis.  I generally put a little of nearly everything in (except the soy sauce).  \n\nIf you feel like you're coming down with a cold, go and get a big bowl of soup and add lots of chili paste and it may just cure you.  If you're already sick, get an extra large serving to go and eat over the next couple days.\n\nThe service is reasonable.  They'll come around periodically to top off your tea.  If you go on a weekly basis, as I used to, they'll be a little more friendly."]
["I usually go to Le's on Harvard Ave on Brighton so I thought this would be similar. I'm bias but Le's was so much better. The prices are the same but the pho was really greasy but they give you a lot of meat and noodles\n\nI def won't b back. I heard the place next door is good... Xihn xihn"]
["Really tasty pho, nicely laid out and a ton of space. Service around lunch time isn't speedy but it's very good nonetheless. Would return upon a trip to Boston."]
["This is the first time in 8 years since I've been here and I was excited to eat the famous pho again here. And we got this waitress who served us she was nice and all. But she placed us in the smallest table for 3 ppl . And it was too uncomfortable and too cramped to eat. But our food came fast which is good, but as soon as we got our food, a waiter (short one with glasses-super annoying voice like a little girl, not to be mean) stared at us and gave us the bill right away...literally 5 minutes after we got our food. Which was so rude and disrespectful. Not to even mention there were customers who was there before us and yet we were the first one to be rushed out. I was too nice to even complain &amp; ended up giving tips to the waitress in the beginning. I am disappointed in this place and will deffinently not return after this."]
["I am currently on the hunt for the best Pho in Boston. My friend and I walked by and saw this place was packed! We thought it was a good sign and went in. \n\nWe sat and ordered the large Pho. It was enough for the both of us and at $7.95 a bowl, very decently priced. It's tasty and not bad, although also not phenomenal. It's got all the traditional things in pho (tendon, tripe, &amp;brisket) although they really do skimp out on the meat and give you way more noodle. We quickly began to realize that people were here because of the price, and not really for the quality of food - or service. \n\nWhat we did not like, however, was the service. We asked for water as soon as we sat down, and it did not come until the very end as we were paying our bill! They were very busy, so I am willing to give them a little leeway here, but still doesn't excuse the wait time (&amp; we reminded them several times). The check also took forever and I was in a little bit of a hurry to get back to class as I only have a 1 hour lunch break. We ended up just walking up to the register and paying. \n\nIn the end, I decided that this place will be good for a quick pho fix, but not the amazing spot that I was looking for."]
['I\'m going to give this place 4 stars because it\'s the best Vietnamese food you can get in Chinatown (maybe all of Boston, really). I\'ve tried the few other "Vietnamese" places (in quotations because most of them aren\'t run by Vietnamese people) and they aren\'t as good.\n\nHere\'s what\'s good about Pho Pasteur:.\n--- Pho here is cheap and delicious ($7-$8). The increment prices are low and you can upgrade from a small to XL bowl for less than a dollar!\n-- They have a huge variety of other Vietnamese food, which is actually not that bad for Boston. I\'ve eaten different noodles and rice dishes and they\'ve all tasted authentic and yummy. One of my favorites is the Broken RIce with Pork Chop (get a sunny side egg on top!). \n-- I\'ve taken my parents [from California] here to eat family style and they approved! And there they thought I was starving here in Boston.......\n\nYes, it\'s not the best Vietnamese food you may have had, but it\'s great for where it is and what it is. It\'s my go to spot for some delicious Vietnamese food that reminds me of home. \n\nP.S. Don\'t get the Bun Bo Hue though....']
["After eating the food there I felt very sick a few hours later and brought it all up. I had the beef pho and do not know if it was hot enough in the soup to cook itself. Would not eat here if you're worried about undercooked food."]
["Whenever I want to treat myself to some pho, I come here! \nLike all businesses run by Asians, there's never a long wait, service is super fast, plus great location, only about 2 min walk from boston commons. \nThe many times I've been here, the lesson is that always get the pho! While there are 1001 items on the menu, you cannot go wrong with the x-large pho. Other dishes can be hit or miss.\n10$ credit card minimum, which is not great sometimes, but I will definitely miss the pho here in the future if I move away"]
["Can you really go wrong with pho? I don't think you can. The music they play in this place is PHENOMENAL. 10/10 would purchase mixtape"]
["We came here during one of our Pho cravings, and being in the area, decided to try this place.  As an FYI, Pho restaurants always have a standard beef noodle dish which comes with an assortment of beef parts that are absolutely delicious.  The bowls are also typically huge (when they say extra large, think of a watermelon).  So, that's what we got, as this is the key dish to judge a Pho restaurant by.  Here's the breakdown:\n\n-Beansprouts, mint leaves, lime - hard to go wrong here.  However, they gave us a small plate for three bowls, so more should have been expected.  (Normal is two bowls to one of these plates)\n-Soup.  Bland.  Not as flavorful as some other places, and was missing a lot in general.\n-Noodles.  A-ok, as yelp would say.  Not bad, but could have done better if the soup tasted more (as the noodles would have absorbed that flavor too)\n-Beef.  What they had, were pretty good.  Tender and fresh.  However, one key thing they didn't have were the beef tendons, an absolutely staple IMO that they apparently do not include in their main Pho dish.  Disappointing. \n\nIn summary - not bad in general.  I wouldn't come here if I had a Pho craving as there are other places I'd go to, but if I absolutely wanted Pho and I happened to be in Chinatown, we'd come here again.\n\nP.S. - Service here is also a bit iffy, so expect minimal smiles but quick service (so quick in fact that you'd think they're rushing you out.. which is probably exactly what they're doing)"]
["For a place that names itself Pho Pasteur, they should have better pho. The broth is not great. Therefore I'd really like to rate it 3.5 stars, both for the pho and this particularly mean/disrespectful waitress. \n\nI've been here twice, both during the weekday lunch rush, and the first time I had the young male waiter with the glasses who was very nice, even though I was there alone during the lunch rush. The dish I had was bun thit nuong (pork vermicelli) and it was VERY good. I also ordered the soda lemonade, but it didn't come until after my meal, and I had to get up and look around for my waiter to remind him (in his defense he was away cleaning tables).\n\nThe second time, both my companion and I got pho, and we both agreed the broth was not great. I about drowned mine in Hoisin and sriracha, and then it was fine (not horrible, but I was disappointed). I again ordered a soda lemonade, and had to remind the waitress about it at the middle-end of the meal. She replied quite disrespectfully, and I could not help but think that she would've been nicer had I looked full Vietnamese. \n\nAs another reviewer said, this is the best pho in Chinatown, but begrudgingly, and not through abundant competition. However, their other dishes are very strong!"]
["Generously priced, reasonably clean, and the best tasting pho I've found so far.\n\nPho Pasteur is where my Vietnamese girlfriend brought me when she was craving pho. My inner snob was initially hesitant, but I have grown fond of the free-for-all atmosphere and hectic service. I would not venture outside of my classic extra-large, extra cilantro Pho Tai without my girlfriend's recommendation, but if you know a Vietnamese dish you enjoy, then by all means go for it. Obviously, the refinement of service matches the level of decor, but the staff is more than happy to fulfill your requests and I've never left anything but full and relaxed.\n\nPho Pasteur is as good as it gets and never lets me down."]
['Okay so it\'s my first time in Boston and I wasn\'t even hungry, some friends took me here after we had some dim sum at Chau Chow and i was like "really?  eat again?" and boy were they right, the Pho here was amazing.  the noodles were fresh!  But be careful because it can get packed here at times.  I parked across the street in the structure for two hours and it was $24.   hahaha!']
["YESSSSSSSSSSS. \n\nThis place crowds them in and gets you great pho quickly. If you love pho and Vietnamese food, head here. You won't regret it!"]
['Super fast surface, literally 5 minutes. I ordered the fish noodle bowl. It was amazing. The squid in it was so fresh and yummy. I also got the spring rolls which were served with a delicious peanut sauce.']
["Typical Vietnamese pho joint. Nothing particularly special about this place. I ordered the  Bun Bo Hue and would not recommend it :/ It tasted like no Bun Bo Hue I've ever had before so I'm not sure where they got it wrong. Apparently that's the one dish that isn't good here? Wish I knew beforehand! I don't think I would come back, but if I did I'd try something else."]
["There are a lot of options for Asian food in Boston...\n\nSo if you're looking for great Vietnamese then this is a good place to go. I've been here several times while Boston.\n\nI typically eat the PHO...  So I cannot comment on their other food. But the spring rolls a really good.\n\nYou can get really busy during lunchtime... So go early or take a late lunch"]
["This is the only vietnamese place in boston i've repeatedly returned to. Great food, quick/solid service, and a huge seating area make this a consistent, enjoyable experience year round.The prices are low and the pho is my favorite in the city. Must try!"]
['Cheap, delicious, and perfect for a COLD AF DAY! But sadly, usually very, very crowded. The service can also be extremely slow. I highly recommend going with someone Vietnamese to guide you and serve as a liaison to the staff. I really enjoyed the Pho Tai and recommend it to all!']
["Very good pho for a reasonable price--$7.95 for a large bowl of beef noodle pho.  Service is adequate,  but don't expect any clever banter with the wait staff.   They wanted to seat me in the middle of a 10-top table like I was the new kid in the school cafeteria.    I chose a smaller table to myself.   \n\nOverall a good choice if you find yourself in Chinatown and don't speak Mandarin."]
["If you haven't tried the chicken noodle soup pho, you need to try it! Comes with fresh bamboo shoots, cilantro, &amp; big chunks of fresh chicken.  Very satisfying, especially when you have a cold!  The fresh rolls are also delicious &amp; healthy!  It is a small place that could use a facelift, but you just can't complain because the prices are great!  Try this place out if you're looking for an inexpensive, satisfying meal!"]
["I go to Beantown Pho in back bay lots (sooooo good) but ordered delivery from here today. The beef was inedible. It tasted old and the texture was unlike anything I've tried. Very bad. Broth was just ok."]
["Came here for dinner on a snowy evening with a friend. They seat us on a table near the door so we asked to have an other table. Half of the restaurant was empty but they were very disappointed by our request ( not yet 9pm and they were already cleaning). I had the XL beef pho and I loved it! So much food for less than 10$. They also bring you green tea! The service wasn't really good though: servers were going around without looking at you so they were hard to stop, we had to ask several times for water and check, very slow service. Ambience is not really nice"]
['This pho place definitely has the best atmosphere out of all the pho places on beach st. The pho is very solid and tasty. The extra large bowls here are enormous and will satisfy the carvings of a pregnant lady for a couple dollars more, definitively worth it!']
["I don't really know how this place got so famous. The food is just okay. I usually get pho ga or dac biet, and what they had was decent. But the service is absolutely terrible. I'm usually very patient but their service will infuriate anyone. They will completely ignore you even when you're trying to order. They'll just drop the bowls of pho onto the table and walk away. It'll even take forever to get the check because they just do not care to serve you. Save yourself from an incredibly frustrating experience and go around the corner for a pho place with infinitely better service."]
["Friend brought me here when I was visiting Boston for a day. Apparently it's one of the better places for pho in Boston. Definitely wasn't disappointed by the price or the quality of the pho that we got! \n\nI was very tempted to get a rice dish but given the fact that it was a pouring rain day in Boston, a bowl of delicious warm pho was exactly what my friend and I needed after trucking all the way from South Station. \n\nThe soup was very solid and the pho itself was definitely very authentic. Coming from California, I've had a lot of pho and I'm actually normally not too big of a fan. Maybe it was the cold weather or maybe it was Pho Pasteur, but it was pretty solid. I don't really know Boston enough to say that it's the best pho ever, but it's a pretty solid establishment. \n\ntldr; decent place. Service was kind of meh, but it's an Asian restaurant, what do you expect?"]
["I never used to like Pho. Until I ate here. There is nothing better than stopping for some delicious, warm, savory soup on a below freezing day in Boston. The weather here is made for pho, and Pho Pasteur delivers a flavorful and hearty meal.\n\nI always get the chicken soup (Pho Ga). There is a massive amount of meat in the soup and the way it is cooked is perfect. I wish I could make chicken like that because it would be good in/on just about anything. They give you more than enough sprouts and basil, but I usually always ask for more limes and I have never had to wait that long. \n\nFor full disclosure I do have to say that I took my grandmother here and she did not like the broth. She took one sip and said it tasted like it came from one of those dehydrated broth powders. I personally don't think so, but even if it does I wouldn't care... it is still delicious. The service isn't the most attentive or friendly. However, the food speaks for itself. If you find yourself walking down Washington St in the cold/ snow/ wind/ other inclement weather you should consider stopping in for a quick bite. You won't regret it!"]
['I love this place because I do like vietnamese food, this is my 7th time here and it is still so good.\nStaff are not loked friendly but actually they are :) \nI always order pho or chicken salad because I dont eat pork or beef. \nFried chicken also good too, I also like any kind of chicken noodle here because the soup is nice.\nFinally thing is the price is resonable .']
["It's Alright No frills Pho place. Soup could be a little hotter and service is hit or miss depending on who takes your order"]
['Super friendly staff. Delicious chicken. Really hits the spot on a cold night in Boston']
['I get the same thing here every time-the seafood noodle soup-and it is delicious! Make sure you order the small size unless you haven\'t eaten in days because the portions here are insane. The dish comes as a bowl full of noodles, shrimp, squid, and "fish balls," and they bring a plate of lime, bean sprouts, basil, and a variety of sauces you can add to your soup. My friend got the chicken curry soup which looked equally good. Last time I came, the soup really hit the spot because it warmed me up on a freezing night.']
["Food: Cheap and delicious\nPortion size: Large\nSpeed of Service: Quick\n\nThat keeps most people happy. Sure, the waiter barely spoke English, but who cares. You don't need to pronounce the Vietnamese words on the menu. All the dishes have an assigned letter and number like A1, H5 etc etc. Worst case you can point at the dish that you want.\nI had the chicken pho, which was delicious. Came with a nice plate of vegetables. \nWe were in and out in about 40min. We must have been the  best customers of the night as we came in a large group, ate quickly, and left."]
["Awesome. Fast and amazing Vietnamese food. I haven't had an item yet I didn't enjoy. Service can be spotty at times but it's like most typical restaurants like this: cheap, fast, amazingly delicious, fun for groups, many veggie and vegan options. Corner 'hole in the wall' that's totally worth going to again and again."]
['First time to Chinatown in Boston, and the food was delicious. Portion sizes are small compared to similar restaurants. Get the XL if you want enough food, the large was similar to the small at other Pho restaurants. Service was very quick and they were attentive to our needs. Definitely worth trying out. Place was very small but we were seated quickly. You may have to sit with other people if your party is small tho.']
["Hate to be this person BUT these are some of the worst bathrooms I've ever witnessed, 2nd only to all the MBTA restrooms. I had to use the woman's room after eating &amp; thought I would loose my meal, although it looked like some people already had. Dirty walls, one of the two stalls was overflowing with filth. With a bathroom like that I DONT wanna see the kitchen....\n\nOur meal prior was good however. Beef &amp; shrimp bun with fresh basil &amp; sprouts was wonderful, as were our spring rolls. Cheap glasses of wine are always a plus. However I will never be back, that had to be a health hazard. :("]
["Service is horrrrrrible, which tends to get magnified by the fact that Pho Pasteur is actually quite popular on the weekends. The hostess is extremely overworked and stressed out - she was seating parties haphazardly, which definitely led to some frustrated and angry patrons. \n\nWe got seated and ordered, but then it took foreverrrr for our food to arrive - I'm pretty sure they either forgot about us. We had to flag down a waitress at least three times before our food arrived (15 minutes apart). Splitting the check was a nightmare. \n\nThe food was alright. I opted for the Vietnamese pancake, which was very runny and a little raw in the center. The pho was pretty good but it wasn't spectacular.\n\nI would definitely try to come here on a less crowded day."]
["I was passing by this restaurant and decided to stop in for some Pho soup. I got the fresh spring roll which was really good. I got vegetable pho. I found out that you can ask for clear noodles and I love those so next time... The staff was not friendly-just matter-of-fact, but they were efficient and it's the food that matters. The price was very reasonable for quite a big bowl. Everything is very fresh and had good flavor. On the table is rounder of condiments that you can use to kick it up a notch. Apparently their featured in Zagat and have some other awards. I would go again."]
["Extremely poor service. Not one refill of water, asked for water, didn't get it.\n\nI tried about 10 times to get the attention of the staff, but they all rushed by, pretending to be checking on customers.\n\nOrdered the meatball pho, which was lukewarm, and had way too many noodles.\n\nOverall, worst pho I've ever had, and a total disappointment."]
['The used to have awesome Pho because they put different spices in their soup and the noddles are chewy. NOT ANY MORE. I was so disappointed to taste a bland, flavorless and soggy noddle of Pho. If they don´t improve, they will lose many loyal customers.']
["Their food is good and I use to be a repeat customer, but last time, they overcharged me on my credit card.  I had to dispute with my credit card company and the cc refunded me because they said it would be a big hassle to dispute it with the merchant.\n\nIts a shame, with just that one experience, don't think I will come back.  With so many other choices for vietnamese down the street and around the corner, I don't come here anymore."]
["Went on a Saturday night with a group of 4. It was packed but we still only had to wait for a bit. I got the Beef Noodle Soup w extra veggies and beef. It was big and super tasty. I added some of the plumb sauce and spicy crap and had a great meal. My girlfriend got the chicken noodle soup and quite enjoyed hers, despite it's smaller girly noodles.\nI also got a smoothy with coconut and some sort of bean. The hostess/waitress/owner person told me that I probably wouldn't like it as white ppl like things sweeter, like mango. She's right about white ppl (which I am). But it was really good. Not super sweet.\nThe food came out incredibly fast - no joke, maybe 2 minutes after we ordered. It seriously seemed like they heard us order in the kitchen and brought it out before she had time to tell them. And it was good. Quite a good night.\nWould defintiely go back."]
['Very fast service and the pho was great! Very well seasoned with a fresh plate of garnishings.']
['This review is way overdue, especially since the last and only time I\'ve visited Pho Pasteur was back on New Years day of 2012. After a long night of drinks and celebrating the new year, my buddy dragged me along with him the next day to grab a quick bowl before my long three hour drive home. Pho being my hangover remedy of choice, I was totally down.\n\nI\'m not entirely familiar with Boston, but Pho Pastuer is a corner restaurant in Chinatown, so I\'m sure you\'ll see it eventually on Washington St. since Boston\'s Chinatown isn\'t terribly huge. I know that isn\'t the best of directions, so I apologize in advance, I\'m trying my best for not being a local!\n\nPho Pasteur is a bit larger than most Vietnamese restaurants I normally frequent and there\'s quite a bit of seating. Being fairly busy, my buddy and I were seated promptly, given menus, glasses of water, and a pot of tea all in one swift movement. After about five minutes of looking over the menu, the waiter, who barely knew any English, looked at us that asked "Are you ready to order" basically. We both sided with a large Pho Tai. I figured I\'d try the staple pho dish at a Vietnamese restaurant I\'ve never been to before to judge how good the broth and quality of the beef is. Within another five minutes, no joke, our food was on the table. Quality service indeed and to be quite honest, the pho was actually pretty solid for the non-existent amount of time we waited for it. Definitely what we were looking for after a night full of drinking. And the best part was that we walked out paying under $10 a piece for our meals. Totally worth it.\n\nStop by if you\'re in the area, Pho Pastuer won\'t disappoint.']
["To start off, this place was pretty busy when we first walked in. Servers were nice, and food came out really quickly even though it was pretty busy. I started off with the Fresh Spring Rolls, and this place has one of the best! They really tasted fresh, the vegetables were crisp, the noodles were soft, and the chicken and shrimp tasted delicious. Their peanut sauce that comes with it also is one of the best I have ever tasted. \n\nNext is the pho. I ordered number 30, which is a Seafood pho with rice noodles. They don't have the best, but it is very large and very filling. Too much cilantro , and not as much seafood than I would have liked. They give you plenty of beansprouts, which is one of the most important part of a pho experience for me. Utensils, sauces, and spoons were easy to access and clean. \n\nOne of the servers was really, really nice and it was a pleasure interacting with him! I wish I found out his name. \n\nDefinitely give this place a try!"]
['Ordered here, prob not the best pho ever, but, definitely help me beat a cold. I ordered the beef pho was awesome. I was sick for 2 days then I was fine after this!!! Please get some pho!']
['Came here a few times during school to satisfy my pho craving. I always usually get the everything combo with a glass of ice water on the side. Fresh bean sprout and mint on the side. Soup is clear and good; meat, you cannot go wrong though! - noodles may be a little too stuck together. But with a bit of the hoisin and sriracha, you have yourself a bowl of delicious. Yes, a bowl of delicious. Friendly and quick service. Thank you for the food coma.']
["We entered to be greeted by a woman flossing her teeth. Strike one...\n\nFrom there we were seated at a round table in the corner. This was considerate since we had a stroller, so I give props for that. Ten minutes later some waters came. Maybe another five after that our orders were taken.\n\nFood was forgettable. The spring rolls had some iceberg lettuce, rice noodles, and a small cube of tofu. The shrimp soup was incredibly sweet (pineapple?), though it did have nearly a dozen shrimp in it. The ginger chicken was basically boiled chicken in some sort of (not too gingery) sauce with fresh slices of ginger and green onion. Props to the fresh ingredients, but the flavor was overall lacking.\n\nNot much more to say. I won't be back."]
["This place is so good, I need to have it once a week. I have only tried their Pho here and get it loaded with veggies. It's really nice, especially on a cold Boston evening. The servers and people who work there are super friendly too!"]
["Pho Pasteur is HANDS DOWN THE BEST PHO IN NEW ENGLAND. PERIOD!!!!! They also make the best Thai Iced Tea in Boston. \n\nTo all the haters, you have no idea what AUTHENTIC PHO is.... so be gone.\n\n**I have actually been to Vietnam and had Pho at numerous restaurants in Ho Chi Mihn or Siagon (same thing). At both high class and dive type places and I can tell you from experience that Pho Pasteur is on par if not better than authentic pho restaurants in Vietnam. I go to pho pasteur with my Vietnamese friends who also agree with me that this stuff really is THE BEST.**\n\nYou can complain about the tight seating, decor and relatively impersonal service all you want. The fact is that this place has the absolute best menu of high quality traditional Vietnamese dishes around bar none. Plus the food will arrive in ~ 5 minutes after you order and will likely cost under $10 for a full meal and drink. \n\nThis place is a foodie hot spot. Boston locals are constantly packed in here but you will always be seated quickly. While you may be sitting directly next to another couple, it's really not that bad there is so much background noise that it really is not an issue.\n\nIf you not feeling the soup... Vermicelli or the Pad Thai are also out of this world."]
['Best Pho EVER!!!\nService is speedy and the food is amazing. My friend and I walked in and got seated right away. We ordered the shrimp springrolls and chicken pho. The food came out in 5 min. The sprinf rolls were fresh and the peanut sauce that went with it was so good that I wanted to order just the sauce to drink. The Pho bowl was HUGE, it was more than enough for 2 people, my friend and I were stuffed. Everything was fresh and delicious. I would live off of this stuff if I could.']
["The most reliable Vietnamese food here in China Town.\n\nI have been going here since forever. My favorite thing to get here: The big bowl of seafood noodle soup. One of the appetizer dishes that I was recently introduced to - dont remember the name but you get get rice sheets that you put in a bowl of hot water and fill up the softened sheet with veggies, protein, basil and sauces of your choice. Yum! The thin pancakes are just as good with a shrimp filling.\n\nIt always amazes me how quick the service is and how the ladies working there are constantly looking to make sure the hot sauce, the duck sauce bottles are full. Can't get that kind of hospitality everywhere. Great place for a very healthy Vietnamese meal!"]
["This is my go too place for Pho. I'm stuck on the # 20, rare steak &amp; brisket. The brisket is pretty lean for brisket and the broth is full of flavor. . I've been other places where you get a bowl of noodles and fat. This is my happy food. The beef teryikai &amp; spring rolls are very good too.\n\n\nThe place is busy at lunch &amp; dinners &amp; service is pretty typical for Chinatown meaning don't expect much. But I keep going back because I love the pho."]
["I'm terribly disappointed by the service and the pho I ate here.\n\nAs someone who frequents Le's at Allston, I was excited to come here to see whether the pho here was really as great as most people said.\n\nComing in as a group of five, they placed us at a large table. After taking our orders, it took about 15-20 minutes for the food to come out, which was not bad at all. The server who came with the bowls of noodles and dishes had absolutely no idea which noodle type was which, leading us to figure out ourselves by swishing around the bowl with our chopsticks. \n\nAs for my bowl of pho, they BARELY put any noodles in my bowl, while one of my friends had a ridiculous amount of noodles and barely any meat. Taste-wise, I have to say the broth and seasoning was good, though comparing it to Le's I have to say Pho Pasteur would be a close second.\n\nAfter finishing our lunch, this is the point where I was aghast by the service. It took us 5 tries (FIVE. TRIES.) to have our receipt brought to us. For the first four times, one of them would nod and then motion another coworker to bring the check, but then no check came. The restaurant was not packed at all and there were 5 workers loitering around, talking to one another, or sitting at a table checking their cellphones--and our table was RIGHT NEXT TO THE CASHIER. The waiters/waitresses seemed out of the loop and seemed to be more into their cellphones/conversations than the tables.  Flabbergasted by the service, we didn't even bother trying to use credit cards since we knew it would take forever for them to split the receipt; we used cash to get out of that place as quickly as possible.\n\nUnless a friend wants to come here, if I had the personal choice, I would not come here again."]
["I don't want to be there  any more ,because the service very super bad!!!!no more!! The cashier and waitress always cold stone ! What the hell I just customers!! I am very angry now!"]
["Great pho. It was recommended by my Vietnam friends so I guess I don't need further explanation. Fast service but ok attitude. It's a busy place so I understand that."]
['No frills authentic Pho. Sure, there is a lot of Pho in Beantown, but Pho Pasteur is a winner.  \n\nAlways full of customers, the service is fast and friendly. A bit sentimental for this place as I recall eating here in 1990 during my introduction to the diverse landscape of Boston. \n\nSeating arrangement is a bit unusual at the front of the restaurant, many tables are set in a long row; so you may be dining with a few extra people. No problem, you can sneak some extra basil off their plates!']
["If you want some no frills, no fuss pho, this is the place. Order the right thing and you will be in heaven. Order the wrong thing, and you'll think this place is overwhelming.\n\nMost recently, I went in craving spicy, to clear out the pollen attacking my sinuses. I went with Bun Bo Hue, a phavorite pho dish of mine wherever I am. This version, though lacking in vegetables, was perfect in every way. The broth was spicy, the noodles plentiful, and the beef lean and tender. 100% my jams. I ate over half of it and still had plenty to bring to work for lunch the next day.\n\nPho in general is pretty user friendly, but if you want something specific, just be clear with your waiter about it. The menus here aren't super descriptive, and rather than be disappointed by bland broth or too much meat, just order whatever you want. They certainly have the wherewithal to make it, and they're not going to charge you a billion extra dollars.\n\nThis is a quick and easy place to eat. Once you've ordered, rarely do you have to wait more than 5-10 minutes for your food. We've gotten in and out of there in under 40 minutes, so it's great if you've got movie plans downtown."]
["Maybe I just ordered the wrong thing, but I couldn't stand to eat it. I got the seafood noodle soup which sounded great, but the crab and squid were imitation and I could hardly keep it down. I also ordered shrimp and ham vermicelli which was okay, minus the shrimp. None of the meat tasted real and I ended up spending over $20. I've been to Chinatown and have had amazing experiences before, but this was just a total miss."]
["I come here quite often for pho actually, especially on Sunday afternoons when we have a large group of people deciding on where to eat. I can't say that this place is particularly spectacular but it gets the job done with a mostly satisfying bowl of pho. If you get the x-large you get a very generous amount of noodles and it's very filling whereas the large isn't quite enough for me usually. I wish their broth is hotter when it comes because the beef doesn't cook that well when it's rare since their broth is just warm. My favorite is to get beef balls and then beef slices on the side since I like to handle how well each slice is cooked (but this doesn't actually work out that well in reality because like I said, the broth isn't hot enough). This option is slightly more expensive though. There is really no depth or richness to the broth and it's clearly just a lot of artificial flavoring but I'm okay with that for what it is. It comes usually pretty quickly too."]
['Good pho place with generous portions; though the taste is not that much different from that of its competitors down the street. Apart from pho, their chon fan is something worth a try.\n\nService can be slow and the wait staff have mixed up our orders a few times']
["I'm Vietnamese and can tell u the pho is good. Not great but good.  Service is what any Vietnamese expect from such establishments (very little) but when asked they promptly bring and are nice."]
["Came here to satiate my pho craving.\n\nDecor: 3.5/5\n-Looks small from the outside.\n-Lots of tables on the inside.\n\nService: 3.5/5\n-Decent service. \n-Fairly quick food preparations.\n\nFood: 5/5\n-#12 XL Beef Noodle Bowl (Pho): This beast was $7.50 (see photo) and just covered with meat. I ate smart, eating the beef first before chowing down the noodles even though I barely touched the noodles haha.\n-Avocado Shake: thick, creamy and very avocado-y. This was gooood. My first time trying and won't be the last. Yum!\n-Shrimp+Pork Spring Roll: This was good. Even better with the peanut dipping sauce.\n\nThis place is so worth it. Competitively low price for ALOT of food. You can't complain about that!"]
["Pretty good. Prices were relatively low and the quality of the food was great! It was open on Thanksgiving Day which was nice. The only thing that I think stops it from being five stars is the service. They were pretty busy when I was there, but I've seen other restaurants manage better. The flavor of the food and quantity was pretty good. Would definitely come here again!"]
["I have been to Boston several times. When I come to Boston, I always like to get a bowl of Pho. Last couple times, I got Pho from another restaurant in Chinatown, and had good impression. This time, I gave this restaurant a try since it was on the same street. But it was a bad decision.\n\nI had Pho so many time before, but the Pho I had at this restaurant was the worst so far. I ordered XLarge Special Pho and Seafood Pho. The portion was very good and the they gave you lots of basil and bean sprouts. But you got lemon not lime, what was that about?\n\nThe worst part of the Pho was the broth had no flavor and lukewarm. If you have a bowl of Pho, you want the broth hot! After a while, my whole bowl of Pho felt like almost cold. That was nasty. I had never had a bowl of Pho tasted bad like this. I got the special Pho which supposed to have beef, tripes, beef meatballs etc. inside. But I only got one piece of tripe and all others were beef, no meatball at all. My mom got the seafood Pho which was even worse. Bad taste broth, worse than the beef one, lukewarm. Too be honest, the instant noodles I had even tasted better than them, at least they were hot enough. \n\nWell, at least I tried. I don't think I will go back there again for sure."]
["Not as good as Le's in Allston, but it's a good option if you don't wanna take the (awful) Green Line all the way out there. The soup should be hotter to cook the meat and noodles properly, but for $10 I'm not going to complain much."]
["Best Pho in Town\n\nPho Pasteur will give you your best pho experience in Boston.  Located in Chinatown, it can be a bit of a choir to get to if you live outside the city.  But, of ccurse, after your first spoon if pho, you'll forget that long T ride or the 30 minutes spent looking for parking.\n\nPho Pasteur offers all of the different pho options you would expect.  Each time I have gone there, I have ordered the pho with brisket.  The broth is perfect with just the right amount of saltiness.  It's packed with delicious lean thinly cut brisket that cooks right there in bowl.  Perfect no matter what the season.\n\nThe summer rolls to start are excellent as well.  \n\nOverall, Pho Pasteur offers the most authentic pho in the city.  It's worth the trek.  If you live close by, then there's really no excuse!"]
['Decent Vietnamese food, very affordable. Had the large special pho with rare steak.']
["The place is always busy doesn't matter the time you go.  The good thing is at least you are not getting day old soup.  Normally, it is my go to place for pho. Solid place to go during winter time for a bowl of pho."]
["I'm going to be honest. \n\nThe food is great and all, but the service is terrible. There has been numerous times  where the waiter/waitresses didn't bring us our glass of water. One time, I looked at the waiter RIGHT IN THE EYE and asked for a glass of water. He looked back at me and walked away. He never came back. Then I asked a waitress and she brought our water ASAP. Another thing that grinds my gears is that they bring the bill to you when you didn't even ask for it. \n\nMeh, I've experienced better."]
["I've been forced into coming here a couple of times with coworkers who are under the impression that this is better than Pho Hoa. if you get the chicken noodle soup, it's not. the broth is super greasy and at least half of the chicken is dark/mystery meat..and also not peeled very well off the bone/tendons/icky things i dont want in my mouth. the place is also abysmally crowded and you're basically sitting on top of the people next to/behind you. \n\nas an aside, supposedly the curry chicken is wayyy spicier here than it is at Pho Hoa (in case that dish interests you)."]
["Be nice to customers! I know it's a very famous and busy restaurant in Boston. Pho by itself is really good. No complain. But service(how waitstaffs treat customers and clean restroom(plz.......) is bad. Let us feel welcome and comfortable when we are there."]
["Pho! Vietnamese noodle soup for $8. Love it in the winter time. Their egg rolls are good as well. Try the avocado shake. It is lightly sweetened and delicious. The down side of this place is that they do not take more than two credit cards from a group of people. If it's only two to a table then they only take one card. Welcome to Chinatown where they do not want to pay for more credit card fees then they have to."]
['I love vietnamese soup or pho but this place the soup does not have any flavor i end up putting a ton of hot sauce in order to get some kind of flavor in it. I am not sure they even use broth because it just taste like water. I have heard the other dishes are good but i have never tried. You would think with Pho in their name their soups would be good but this is not the case. The placenext door Xinh Xinh soups were the best i am so sad that they have closed. Maybe they will find a better location because they needed better decor.']
['I do not know how people rate this restaurant so high. We were visiting from Virginia and decided to go to Pho Pasteur as it was close our hotel. We wanted to have some nice hot food. Service is pretty bad to start with but we hoped that  the food would be good after looking its good rating. The food was a total disappointment. I ordered curry chicken pho. It had no flavor at all and After few sips I stopped eating and did not finish it. Their fresh spring rolls and lo mein were OK but nothing special. The waiter did not bother to ask why I left whole food almost intact and they were very quick to bring the check. It was about 9:30 pm and one of the waiters started to mop up the floor with some liquid soap while their customers  were still eating. For us a "no go" place.']
['Nothing impressive, service, or food. Wish there was better pho place in downtown.']
['Worst. I am a tourist from other country and i experienced\nWorst service  , taste \nThe only good thing is price\nPlease do not go there. I beg u.\nAnd the owner was unfriendly.']
["I've eaten here more times than I can count. It is cheap, they are friendly, the restaurant is clean, they take cards and they have lychee and avocado shakes! The vermicelli is the PERFECT meal. I has everything in it and you feel good after you eat it! And you can get a bowl for under $10! And they have online ordering! Right around the corner from the movie theater it is a great place for a date! HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!"]
["Hard to say they are authentic, as we travelled to Hanoi and compared to the same pho I had in NYC, it was just ok.  I ordered a rare steak pho, my gf ordered a ginger chicken with rice dish plus a salad. The pho noodles were nice but rare steaks were cuts of large pieces of beef. The soup was quite oily. The prawn and chicken salad wasn't at all fine, lacked fish sauce and lime juice. The strips of chicken were of poor quality when we had it. But if this had a 4* before then they certainly need to work on their quality more!"]
["Let's get the bad thing out of the way first: the restaurant was dirty. The floor was visibly grimy, with chop stick wrappers and such strewn about. And there was a smell. Not a food smell. A smell of this-has-not-been-cleaned-in-ages.\n\nHowever: the service was very good and friendly and prompt. And the food itself was delicious. I got the grilled pork on vermicelli, and the salted lemonade with sugar. The food tasted fresh and clean.\n\nSo: great food, great service, but a restaurant dirty/smelly enough that I refuse to go back there again. But the problem is easy to solve: order takeout."]
['Visited on 8/16/2014\n\nStopped by for a quick dinner after an afternoon at the beach on the North Shore. \n\nI went for the vermicelli with a spring roll, wife did the same. This dish is easily my favorite, especially after a bit of hot sauce and hoisin sauce. Bowls are huge and filled to the tops.\n\nService was quick and efficient, water glasses were always full, and the waitress stopped in a few times to check in on us.']
['This past weekend, my friends and I did a pretttttttty amazing job at happening upon great restaurants.\n\nOne of my friends and I had tofu lo mein...so good.  My other friend had like a beef vermicelli thing and loved it.\n\nFurthermore, we told our waitress we were in a rush and she brought us our food SO QUICKLY.\n\nVery affordable, very good vietnamese.\n\nAlso, vegetarians: they have a vegetarian section on their menu, which I know I always prefer when I am in ethnic places.']
['Ordered spring rolls and number 76.  Only brought #76 but tried to charge me for both.   Food was below average,  service sucked   took forever to get my bill and then they took even longer to bring my change.   STAY AWAY.   I am sure there r much better choices around there.']
["I've never had a bad experience here. Matter of fact, all my visits here had been great.  The service is a bit slow at times, however.  The last time I came here with a friend for dinner, the waiter took forever to come over with the bill. He was goofing around with his buddies until I waved to him.  This happened a few times before, but not often enough to be a concern. \n\nThe food is good, reminds me of home foods before mom became a health nut and won't put salt in her broths and used only extra lean meats for everything.  The portions are great for the price. Dinner for 2, with drinks, and tip is still under $30.  This is one of my go-to places when no one can decide on what to eat and money and time is limited. Totalyl worth the try if you're in the area. and once you're there, and still don't know what to eat, you can't go wrong with good ol' pho."]
["Went in to enjoy a Thai Tea to go, they made it quick and it was amazing!!! Wish we hadn't eaten already or we would have tried the food.  Looked good."]
["Never had this type of food and went to order what I thought I might like based on the description. The lady taking my order said no way you won't like that ,which was weird but I trusted her, so I explained to the takeout lady I like chicken no curry or spice and she said I know what you want . She ordered for me which was fine. Food was really really good I must say. It smelled like rotten chicken in the restaurant like that fishy smell but the food was really good so I ate it. I've been sick to my stomach for the past 3 hours and it only started right after I ate. Maybe it's because I've never had this dish but I think it's because food poison. Such a shame because I wanted to eat it again but think I'll stay away"]
["Food is alright..atleast its a bit better than Pho Hoa thats down the street. What could have made the food taste better in general is a better more friendly environment. The staffs are very rude and tries to gather up in a corner to look and stare at their other tables. I was with my other 2 friends and we just tried eating and enjoying each other's company. It seems the staffs likes complaining and chit chatting about tips and what not &amp; was insulting and joking around with his other coworkers about his table etc. &amp; many more things I want to say here. I feel so uncomfortable here most of the times. Other wise, food is good. Just wish the staffs can be more friendly and not rude."]
["Food is not that good. Service is too too too bad. I don't owe you anything! I even provide tips but the service is so bad. I won't go there anymore."]
["It's been a while since I've been here. We decided to go there this Tuesday night and boy what a big mistake! The place is busy but the service and some of the food was beyond horrible. My waiter was super cranky and gave me attitude as he took our order. The fried spring rolls were cold. Not sure how that happens for a dish that is deep fried in hot oil.  Fried quail was warm but taste like nothing...no flavor. Dac Biet is their staple noodle dish and it was fine. The fried rice didn't look appetizing.  We didn't eat it. The coconut shake was good. The beef teriyaki was decent. That was hot. My friend went to this place a day later and also complained of poor service. Oh, it took 30 minutes just to get the check. We asked repeatedly too. These guys just don't give a damn. They don't care if you ever go back there. They are grumpy employees. They just rely on their name to draw people in."]
["I wasn't very impressed with the food or the service.  I got the small bowl of beef noodle soup, and it was ok. It didn't really stand out in my mind at all, but I wasn't going to complain too much, since it was only $7.75.  It was kind of bland and you could tell that the quality of the meat was really bad.  And really, they only put maybe 3 pieces of meat in there.  The rest were noodles.  \n\nThe waitresses weren't super patient and were always trying to hurry us along.  It kind of got annoying.  We didn't get to the check fast enough for the waitress' taste, and so she made a point of putting the check back on the table.  Additionally, they kept trying to take our food away before we were done with it!  One of the waiters asked my friend if she was done, and he put a napkin in her bowl before hearing her response.  She still had a lot of food on her plate, too.    This happened not once, but twice.  I understand wanting to turn tables over quickly, but taking food away from customers before they're done is absolutely not acceptable.  It doesn't matter how busy they are.\n\nI'm sure there are better places to go for the same type of food. If it was just the food, I would go back again.  However, I wouldn't go back here again.  Why? Because their service was horrendous.  I can go elsewhere to get better Thai food with better service."]
['Been here only a few times but the quality has been going down hill IMO. Ordered pho and the broth was warm next to cool to eat which a Pho\'s broth should always be almost hot enough that it\'ll burn your tongue slightly on the first bite. Service was slow but just because it\'s packed that quality should suffer. This will be knocked off my "best pho places" to eat at for awhile.']
["We really enjoyed our Pho with rare beef, some of the best we've had. The portions were generous with a heaping plate of Thai basil and bean sprouts to accompany our bowl. At under 9.00 per bowl it was a real bargain."]
["Best pho in Boston. Definitely have a love hate relationship with this place though...\nThe soups here are always super fresh, steamy hot, and delicious. If you're looking to get fed and get out, this is the place to do it. You can order, eat, pay, and leave within 20 minutes. \n\nOn the flip side, servers aren't the most attentive.. So make sure you order everything you need (including drinks) the second you get there because it's difficult to flag anyone down after you've already started eating. \n\nAlso, maybe I'm just being picky but I cannot stand that they mop the place as you eat! Yuck! It's so unappetizing to inhale chemicals while trying to eat. \n\nOverall: great food, great value. Poor atmosphere, poor service."]
["My go to spot for no frills pho in Boston. Don't expect to be able to linger after your meal, these folks turn over tables fast. The steak &amp; tripe pho is my favorite with the glass noodle spring rolls to start. Try the avocado bubble tea, too."]
["I've come here so many times, but today I ordered the #39 grilled pork chops over rice and happily decided to add the fried egg. I waited so patiently for my meal to arrive while my cousin already received her bowl of pho within minutes of placing our order with the waitress. Finally, my plate arrived and it looked delicious as ever.... Until I came upon the fried egg. Stuck in a pocket of the egg white was a visible black hair. I was upset. It took me five minutes to flag a waiter/waitress down. He took my plate and said he'd get me a new one, but didn't even apologize for the inconvenience of what distasteful bodily product was on my food! I should've just skipped on the fried egg like always. :("]
['Always busy and packed.  The pho noodles soup is good; however, the staff are lacking of training and being rude.  This was my pho go to place in town.  Next time I will go to try the other one.']
["Judging from the positive reviews and the place was filled compared to the other 2 vietnamese restaurants close by, I went in to try. What a disappointment! Service was really bad, the person who took my order was extremely impatient and rude! Though they were busy, the food came out very fast. They probably had lots prepared and just poured broth over it. Pho should be served hot so it can cook the raw vegetables and meat properly. My bowl of noodles was lukewarm! Taste wise, it was alright and serving was huge! I've had lots of better pho elsewhere and in different countries."]
["This place was jumping, which is usually a good sign.  There are lots of things you can excuse when a place is busy...  The awkward wait at the door where you debate yourself when nobody comes over for an extended period on whether or not it's seat-yourself, the elbow-to-elbow cramped dining room, the slow or as it was tonight virtually no service as you sit for almost 15 minutes and nobody comes to the table.  These are things you're willing to overlook when the food is THAT GOOD.  Unfortunately for this place, it's not.  Not only is it not THAT GOOD, it's barely cracking JUST AVERAGE.  Here's the thing, the food was edible, filling, and not ridiculously expensive for downtown Boston, but one thing you should never say about pho is that it's bland.  This is bland.  The appetizers were also bland.  If it weren't for sriracha and hoisin I would have had little more than a bowl of water, noodles, and boiled meat...  Sadly, I don't think that's what anybody would expect from pho, but that's what you'll get.  Factor in the bad service and, well, it's always ultimately up to you, but the Q across the street seems more worth the wait if you ask me.  Lesson learned."]
["Get the XL Beef noodle soup!  it heals hunger and hangovers. \n\nbut don't expect anywhere near good service. lol"]
["Out of the many Vietnamese places in Chinatown, this among 2 others are my least favorite. They always have an attitude. I've came here many times because friends like it or it was just convenient. \n\nLet's just evaluate the last time I was here. I came with 5 others. We all ordered similar items. I had the seafood soup with yellow noodles. We also ordered spring rolls. Two girls ordered a small seafood soup with clear noodles, one ordered a large and another ordered an extra large. \n\nOur soups came and the crap meat inside were still clumps and was semi frozen still. My dishw as an extra large because i was going to share it with a friend. I asked for an extra bowl which they brought out. There was hardly any soup in the bowl. My bowl was luke warm. I asked for extra soup and it took them forever to bring it but at least it was HOT this time. \n\nThey brought out a large for my friend instead of a small which was what my friend ordered but she swore she asked for a large. \n\nOur summer roll was no where in sight still. I asked about it and she gave us attitude and told us it's coming. More time waited and nothing. Asked again and it came out within 2 minutes. \n\nAwful service, awful attitude. And the food isn't even all that. This is why i don't come here unless I didn't have another choice."]
["I'm not a Pho connoisseur yet. But this blows my other two experiences away... and I loved them!! This is my kind of place a little divey... very local... very authentic. We only had soup... friends had the seafood bowl and it was spectacular too. All of the other plates going by looked outstanding. Note: I'm a big guy. I can eat a lot of food... the giant bowl of Pho defeated me! Stick to the middle size. Did I mention price? 12.95 for a bowl of food I could not finish! What a deal!!"]
["+easy to find\n+fast service\n+beef noodle soup is so tasty and so savory\n+spring rolls are very fresh and clean tasting, and complement the soup nicely\n\n-asked for a sapporo twice, never materialized (but still appeared on bill)  Normally this would be a 2 star offense but I wasn't really fiending for it\n-staff a bit curt"]
["I've been here on numerous occasions over the years. The service is quick but inattentive. The food is just ok.\n\nI slipped and fell on their floor once because someone had neglected to wipe up a puddle of tea. The woman, I'm assuminbg manager, just pushed me along and tried to tell me my shoes were slippery."]
["This is my one and only pho spot. I don't care how crazy finding parking is this the place to go if your in the mood for pho. I would recommend you commute by T if your close to a stop, since Chinatown station is literally 2 door steps away. I always get the chicken pho but I add tripe too it. Delicious. Their bubble tea smoothies are fresh. No canned fruits my friends I've seen them make them. Mango smoothie with bubble yum! From spring rolls with peanut sauce or your egg rolls with fish sauce, beef teriyaki , rice and noodle plates this is the place to go. Did I mention their prices are great!!! Two person lunch less than 20$! Bargain. (Depends obviously how hungry you are). \n\nWould recommend this place to anyone."]
['Best pho I have had in a long time. Nothing in my home town of Phoenix compares to this. I almost forgot of real pho portions until I came here.']
['Service is fast, food is fresh and very tasty. It is also very affordable. I like this place, very very much. The place seems like it is always full of people, so be prepared to wait for a while before being seated.']
['Their pho ga (chicken soup) is really flavourful and nice! Canh chua (hot and sour soup) also good.']
['The best pho noodle soups in the city! The broth is always flavorful not too salty or watered down, rice noodles are not overcooked, and the vegetables are always fresh. A nice cozy restaurant with a damn good soup']
["Don't laugh. Coming from Hawaii, the first time I tried pho and any type of Vietnamese food was *drum roll please* in Boston while I was in college. Maybe I was being not so open minded, but a friend dragged me here.\n\nWhat did I find? A whole new world of tastes and flavors I've come to love since then! A freaking explosion in my mouth!!! I even discovered what sirracha sauce was! (*shakes head*) Ever since, I have loved pho and most any type of Vietnamese cuisine. I remember that piping hot bowl of deliciously seasoned beef broth with the herbs that complimented the soup during a cold, snowy night in Boston. *sigh* Super cheap too for the college kid on a budget!\n\nEver since that day, I have loved Vietnamese cuisine so much, I have eaten it religiously and often. So much so, that I recently even came back from a trip from Ho Chi Minh City to experience what it had to offer culturally and through it's traditional authentic cuisine.\n\nThank you Pho Pasteur!"]
["It's relatively cheap, and the pho is good. Not sure what else you need to know.  \n\nOkay, a few more thoughts.\n- the ambience could use a little improvement, as could the decor but you get what you pay for\n- if you go alone or in a pair, you might get seated at a communal table\n\nEnjoy!"]
['Sat down to eat.  Server came over to take our orders.  My girlfriend asked for a hot tea and the server rudely walked away and began having a conversation with the other waiter who was checking his hair in the mirror.  So yeah, we left and went next door.']
["I really wanted to love this place. When they had their other restaurant in Brighton, I would go there at least once a week. Being that this is the original place, I  was expecting this place to be amazing.  Sad to say that it really was not that great.  Maybe I just came on a off day.  The Pho Noodles were over cooked and just very soggy.  The mints and sprouts were not fresh and the mints were wilted.  \n\nThe service was nice and the food came out at a reasonable time, but the food was just not there.  Sorry guys maybe I'll try you guy again, but not anytime soon."]
["Went to every Pho house in Chinatown and found this spot to be the best. Gotta have my pho at least twice a week. If there is any better pho in Boston, I haven't found it."]
["One of my favorite Vietnamese restaurants, Pho Pasteur definitely delivers in terms of food, taste and price. \n\nThe service is quick and the food is plentiful. Though I've only had their pho dishes, I'm entirely fine with that. \n\nSo if you're craving a lot of carbs, come here!"]
["boston pho man... aint got NOTHING compared to california. Pho pasteur is comparable to pho hoa.\n\nOf the three pho joints in chinatown, pho pasteur and pho hoa are the better ones (xinh xinh's broth was overly sweet for me), but that's not saying much.\n\nIf you're CRAVING pho, I'd hit up one of these two joints, but if you're looking for a more legit, flavorful broth, you're gonna be disappointed.\n\nIf you order from here to go, it's cheap, served quickly, and still warm when ya get back home! OH, and if you need a cheap plastic bowl to consume your relatively bland tasting pho to go, ask em.. they're located right behind the register!"]
['You know what to expect when going to Boston\'s China Town area - tons of restaurants offering noodles, dumplings and hot pots. Pho Pasteur is one of these places. And while they offer all kinds of Asian/Vietnamese food, most people seem to be attracted to Pho Pasteur for their Buns - aka vermicelli noodles with some kind of meat, mint, sprouts and a spring roll on top.\n\nFood is good. Service ok. Expect a quick "in and out\' meal that will be tasty and that will keep you full for most of the day.']
["Is it bad that the best dinner we had in Boston was $20, including tip? \n\nAt this place! Pho and lo mein and sriracha and yummy.\n\nWe'd go back in a heartbeat and wish we hadn't overpaid twice in the North Side for overpriced Italian that I am normally super against.\n\nLots of vegetarian options and reasonable prices for tons of food."]
['This was my 3rd visit within 6 months, and the least satisfying of the three.  I ordered a combo salad to start and  a small beef soup.  My friend ordered a shrimp and veg dish which she seemed to enjoy.  All dishes were brought within (it seemed) two minutes, crowding the table and even though the place was not packed, we felt rushed.\n\nThe salad was crunchy and good -- I would have liked more time to enjoy it without worrying about my soup getting cold.  The beef soup came in regular size ( I had ordered small) which is way too much for me and I hate to waste food.  It was almost devoid of vegetables and had large pieces of tripe (or beef tendon?) which were unchewable and upon which I nearly choked.  The broth was bland and the bean sprouts on the side dish (the garnish we all look forward to) were slightly slimy and off-flavor. The rice noodles were in a clump and essentially impossible to eat.\n\nI understand that this restaurant has a terrific location and good prices, but I will not be making another visit there, as the quality of the food has been worse every time.']
['I have lived in Boston for 2 years and I have never experience Chinatown. I decided to take an adventure and grab some lunch here. It was packed for lunch so I figured it must be good. There are so many restaurants in the area - many were empty. \n\nI sat down and looked at the menu. There are 105 menu items - they are all numbered. They menu isnt in english (why would it be?) but there are a few descriptors of each dish in english like Chicken, Beef, etc. So if you can, go with a friend who is familiar with the cuisine. \n\nI asked our waiter what he recommended and I could tell he didnt like that question. He took steps back and gave me the stink eye and replied, "The whole menu. Come on". He recommended the Low Mein and asked if I wanted it crispy. I thought he meant the chicken I ordered with it. Nope, crispy means the noodles. That was the last time I saw the waiter. Someone else delivered the food and no one checked back to ask how it was or refill beverages. \n\nThe plate was huge, I didnt finish it which was fine. It was only $8.50 so that was nice. The meal was bland, I had to dump a bunch of hot sauce and hoisin sauce on it. But what can you expect for chicken low mein? \n\nI wont go back because of the lack of service. I dont know why this place is Zagat rated.']
["Good food\nOk service (the waitress never said any thing when I ordered I totally thought she couldn't speak or something)"]
['Service is typical of an Asian restaurant. However, some of the best pho broth I have had in the Boston area. I recommend you try the duck leg.']
["As long as you don't mind the hasty, borderline rude service, this place is great. It's usually packed, but the wait times are very little, as the servers keep the customers coming and going. The Pho is delicious. The Vietnamese pancakes are yummy. Usually, the appetizers come out after the pho is delivered. It is moderately priced."]
["Places like Pho Pasteur are my secret to survival in the cruel Boston winter. At Pho Pasteur, a measly $7 buys you a gigantic (size small) steaming bowl of beef noodle soup (Pho, duh) with tripe, tendon, and rare steak. Brisket and well-done flank steak are other options, and every permutation is available depending on what you want in your bowl. A few drops of Sriracha and this almost-two-meal bowl warms you to the core. Yes please!\n\nIf you love cows or want to watch your girlish figure, the Pho Chay is the same-priced vegetarian answer with soft tofu in a veggie broth. Sriracha is still a must, but for once, the vegetarian option is not inferior.\n\nI've never bothered trying anything else at Pho Pasteur, but it's one of my fave cheap eats options, well worth trying if you're short on cash, in a rush, or just plain freezing."]
["Absolutely horrible. I've been there a couple of times because I wanted to give it a try. I'm very surprised at the positive reviews. Maybe I'm just ordering the wrong thing? Each time I've been there the food was disturbingly under-cooked. I couldn't even finish my last meal there because I thought I was going to vomit. I don't like to use Yelp for negative reviews but I wouldn't recommend this place to ANYONE. The staff is atrocious. They are almost mean. They don't smile or even really acknowledge you. just terrible."]
['Really good Pho. Terrible service. Super cheap. \n\nThe portions are huge so I would advise getting a small soup bowl your first trip in. The sweet and sour chicken plate my wife always orders is decent but again, you come here for the soup bowls. Fresh spring rolls with chicken and shrimp are great.  Tons of vegetarian options, (though who really knows what the broth base is).  A lot of the seafood options look good but this place is too sketchy to order fish.  I go with the beef soup-no tripe.']
["Overall not a bad experience.\nThe service was fast and incredibly friendly and the ambience is really nice for an evening with friends.  They have an incredibly selection of soups and noodles.\nThe spring rolls are really good, very fresh tasting.  I got the chicken soup which was very tasty with one exception: they put a massive amount of cilantro in it.  I didn't realize and I should have asked them not to add it to mine. My friend did and they were very happy to take special orders.  If you are not a fan of cilantro then ask them to leave it out.  Otherwise very tasty and reasonably priced"]
["Of all the pho I've guzzled, this is certainly some of it.\n\nOpted for the the Spicy Beef and Lemongrass with vermicelli. The cow stewed sparse but tender; the noodles played their pimp hand strong and the mildly piquant broth bathed it all. Being a fairly (and begrudgingly) translucent puddle in comparison to Xinh Xinh, I did see the pho's delicates - sorry Mrs. P!\n\nFor $7.25, the large is a decent serving of soup, but for adequate bovine, you may want to opt for a $3 side. The abundant mountain of accompanying basil, bean sprouts and limes is incredibly fresh, punching up the fragrance, texture and (in the case of my only slight lemongrass back) citrus tang to the bowl.\n\nIt's a sold offering, served lightning quick and will cure what ails ya. I'd swing by for seconds, assuming Xinh Xinh's closed for the night."]
['Pho is pretty good, but they have a lot of trouble securing the takeout.']
['I never can judge anyplace in Chinatown based on service because service in ctown is usually mediocre and can involve language barriers. Nonetheless the pho here is delicious! I always get the seafood pho and it has everything from shrimp, crabmeat, and squid. It comes out fast and keeps my tummy warm!']
["One of my favorite Pho places. Delicious Summer rolls. Great service. Also one of the very few places in Chinatown that allow you to use a credit card (if you spend over $5). I just went on a half hour lunch break, and I got a large noodle soup. I don't like chicken or meat in my ooh most of the time, so I asked for the Large Pho Ga without chicken. The gentleman serving me looked at me like I was crazy....then brought me a soup with fried onions in it as well as noodles, and it guess lettuce, which is different from the normal Pho Ga without chicken. Normally I'd be annoyed by this, but it was so delicious. nom nom nom. Anyway, instead of the listed price, $7.something, my bill was $5.35. I got a very filling $7 lunch!\n\nAlso of note, my last trip, my bill was $9.45 and they let me pay with my card by adding my tip onto the check first, because I suggested i would just buy a soda, but the waitress told me this wouldn't be necessary."]
["I have been to this place with friends a couple of times for Pho, and I thought they were decent, and a great choice for Autumn and Winter temperatures in Boston. The last time I came to get some Pho, I thought they were somewhat generous with the beef and noodle portions. Although the beef tasted somewhat plain to me, I usually create a mixture of spiced up Sriracha sauce and tasty Hoisin (literally means seafood in Cantonese Chinese) sauce and it definitely made a significant difference in enjoying the Pho. \n\nI decided to come back to see how they do with other dishes. I had the #52 Bun Thit Bo Nuong, which is the Grilled Beef Vermicelli. The beef was decently good, piping hot out of the stove but slightly hard to chew. The noodles tasted plain initially, but thanks to the vinaigrette provided, it gave the noodles and fresh vegetables a decent flavor and made the dish even tastier. Overall, it was a pretty good dish. \n\nI had the #2 Goi Cuon, which is are the Spring Rolls, with Chicken and Shrimp. They were also decent tasty, but I did not think that the shrimp was really fresh, and the chicken was a tad dry. The peanut Hoisin sauce did make a significant difference to the taste. It's not my top choice to get Vietnamese Spring Rolls, but they are not a bad choice for an appetizer. \n\nIn terms of rice dishes, I had the #39, Com Suon, which is the Grilled Pork Chop over rice. I thought it was a filling dish, the pork chop was really tasty and the vinaigrette tasted really good with the cold vegetables. I also had the #42, the Com Ga Xao Sa Ot, which is the Chicken Lemongrass on Rice. I thought it was a mediocre dish. It consisted of chopped up pieces of chicken doused in a spiced sauce. The chicken was okay. I was not expecting the chicken to be prepared that way and I was wondering if I ordered something wrong. Overall, it was a filling dish but I think there are better places to get good Lemongrass Chicken with rice dishes.\n\nThe place can get noisy during the weekday lunch hour, almost sounded like a cafeteria when I went. Service has been really effective, my food usually came in pretty quick compared to some of the Vietnamese restaurants I have been to. Overall, I found this place to be a solid choice to get some decent Vietnamese food except for probably the #42, which is the Lemongrass Chicken."]
["Love coming here to get my weekly fixin' of Pho.  The ingredients are fresh and the food comes out fast.  The place isn't the fanciest but what Vietnamese place is?  They have a large table in the back if you have a big group - just call ahead and they can hold it for you.  \n\nFor those who have had pho before.  The best way to eat it is to add some of the hoisin sauce into the broth itself.  It's the brown sauce they leave on the table.  Then add some sriracha sauce if you like spicy food.  Then take a soup spoon and make a mixture of hoisin and sriracha in the spoon.  This way your soup is super flavorful and then you can dip the meat into the sauce mixture in your spoon.\n\nIf you're looking for a cold dish for summer days, try then bun thinh nuong.  It's a cold noodle dish with fresh veggies and grilled meat.  Get it with the grilled pork and add in the eggrolls.  (They cut up an eggroll and add it into the noodles).  The dish comes with fish sauce that brings everything together.  Also add some sriracha if you like spicy food.\n\nFor an appetizer, try the grilled pork summer rolls.  Get it with the peanut sauce to dip it in.  Yum!\n\nNote: Pho Pasteur (Chinatown) and Le's (Harvard Square) are sister restaurants.  The atmosphere is slightly better at Le's but the food is great at both."]
["Mmmmmm ordered a beef curry rice,\nChicken curry rice, mango smoothie, and lychee smoothie. Very satisfied! The food came quick and the portion was good enough do me to doggy bag. There was a food amount of veggies and meat.\n\nOnly sad thing was that my lychee smoothie melted at a faster rate than my mango smoothie. Should have figured, since lychees won't be as thick as mangos.  \n\nThe restaurant workers were friendly. This place was spacious. Glad to have it as my first Boston meal!"]
["One word, YUCK!  If you know anything about Viet Food (especially Pho), that's the best I can described my experience.  Broth luke warm and not enough of it.  The  different meats were dry and chewy.   My vocabulary is not large enough to even describe the Cha Gio and Bi Coun.  As a visitor, if this is representation of Pho or Vietnamese food in Boston, keep on looking."]
["Unbelievable Pho.  Whether its a cold day/night, didn't wake up quite right, or just jonsin for some authentic Vietnamese food; this is the place to be.  Just about everything that I experienced here was what you should expect from a restaurant; quick seating, efficient ordering, very fast food delivery, and quick credit card processing.  \n\nTake note restaurant industry; these guys do it about as good as anyone for their establishment's niche.  Maybe it's just me, but I don't really feel like chatting with the waiter or waitress while waiting for Pho.  Luckily these guys know they'll be busy most times, so they get your food faster then just about any restaurant i can remember.  Big plus in my book\n\nThe food itself?  Worth 5 stars alone.  The light chicken broth was the perfect base with plenty of herbs to really give it a mild but pleasant taste right off the bat.  Add a little sriracha sauce and it really wakes you up!  The rare beef is absolutely cooked to perfection, and will cook more when dunked into the broth.  The right combination of beef and noodles/vegetables made this a heck of meal for myself and my buddy after a night of New Years Eve festivities.  \n\nIn short; if you love Pho, go!  If you have never had Pho, go anyway!  I mean you like soup and love meat of any kind and noodles, theirs no reason why you wouldn't love Pho.  I can guarantee I'll be back here as much as I possibly can!"]
["Pho here is just descent, I wouldn't say it the best one I have. The service is good. I tried out the grilled chicken vermicelli today and it's really bad. The chicken is dried and the vermicelli is wet. This restaurant used to be top one in Chinatown. Wondering why the foods here go down hill lately."]
["There is nothing more comforting than a big bowl of pho... And this place kills it. Always fast, friendly, and delicious. There is no need for a lengthy review-- if you need some pho in your life, stop in; you won't be disappointed!"]
["I've lived in Chinatown for some time and Pho Pasteur has always been a neighborhood spot and often frequent by students. It's definitely one of the restaurants that's been there for a while (as you can tell by some of the comments). I'm saying this because to go there I am not expecting any kind of 5 star experience. \n\nHowever, as soon as I walked in for dinner last night, I noticed a strong, almost unbearable stench in the air. It smelled like someone used a moldy old towel to wipe down every single surface of the space. I didn't want to be rude and walk out of the place but people in my party did not have much appetite after we sat down.\n\nThere were 4 or 5 waiters trying to sit us and each of them wanted us to sit at a different table, we were playing musical chairs within the front of the restaurant. As soon as we sat down, one of the waiters came and slapped down the menu and asked if we were ready to order?\n\nWe got our Pho that we have been craving for, but it wasn't great compare to some of the other places we went to and the smell of the place made me want to crawl out of my skin! I don't think I will ever go back again.\n\nP.S. Several years back I had their spring roll and got sick after. I highly suggest management to take their hygiene seriously when serving food."]
["Awesome Pho, but the servers are a bit rude. I always feel rushed when I'm there. Wouldn't hurt them to be a bit nicer to customers!"]
["It was surprisingly difficult to find a happening place around my hotel and so when I saw old and young alike at Pho Pasteur, I decided to take a chance.  I had a standard dish of an egg roll and pork on noodles.  The egg roll wrapper was a little rubbery, the filling very bland. Their pork was tasty but the noodles were VERY cold which was a bit distracting.  The soy milk quenched my thirst, but I've had much better."]
["pros: \n- they seated our party of 6 really, really quickly \n- they accept credit card\n- service is very very fast\n- food comes out very very fast\n- serving sizes are very large\n- they have an entire vegetarian section in the menu\n- entrees are between $10-15 per person \n\ncons:\n- not really any.\n\ncome here if you're craving fast delicious vietnamese food"]
['Giving this a 5 star because the pho is always delicious but if I were to rate this service, it will be a 1 star!']
["So I hear Pasteur derives from the Land of Falling cups. Waitresses are clumsy and talkative (amongst themselves) but the service is top notch.\n\nThe atmosphere of this place is unlike any Asian restaurant I've been to: its Diner meets Vietnamese. Its a refreshing change to the unnecessary niceness of most Asian cuisine locations..\n\nI had the veggie pho (topped with tasty firestorm sauce), as did the boyfriend, which was amaaazing on a chilly day. AND! The grand total for our food was around $16.\n\nAs for the disappointments of the place: the only thing that stands out is a lack of beverages. We received our tea upon sitting down, and then they never inquired as to if we wanted anything else.\n\nIf you want a mad cheap meal, definitely drop in here next time you're in Chinatown!"]
["Best pho in Boston! Huge bowls for just 8.95 with extremely generous portions of meat. Service isn't amazing, but it's on par for standard Asian restaurants. Just don't expect the waiter to wait on you hand and foot. Don't be afraid to flag them down if you need something! It's not rude, and the waiters won't think any less of you!"]
["Aight, here's the run down.\n\nWarning: If you don't want to be bothered by the waiter guy with glasses who thinks he has huge mack skills, the only words you should utter to him are: your order, extra napkins, or extra water. \n\nNevertheless, 4 stars because food is typical yummy Vietnamese grub."]
["The broth of the pho here is super! It's not super greasy like some places I've been to. Definitely worth checking out! It's pretty much one of favorite places to eat when it's cold out :)."]
["Ordered a takeout dinner here: Curry Chicken Rice, Griled Sliced Pork with 2 fried eggs over Rice, and a Chicken Wings appetizer. Everything tasted good and was reasonably priced (but I'd probably skip the curry chicken next time - didn't have a potent enough flavor for me)."]
['Love the pho ga! The bbq pork chops are delicious also. I eat here at least once a week... yum!']
["At 5:30pm on a friday night this place was packed. I am a big fan of pho and have had anywhere from awful to very good. But never has it been decadent until I had the beef combination pho from Pho Pasteur. For me, the difference is in the broth and its fairly easy to tell if it has been made from bouillon cubes. I can't imagine that would be the case at Pho Pasteur as the broth was so light and fresh. The beef and tendons were falling apart tender. As in, you could eat them if you didn't have any teeth!\n\nThe only odd thing about this place had to do with the restrooms as the women's was out of order so everyone had to use the mens. Which would have been fine if the men's had a LOCK. But I walked in on a waiter using the urinal and then a women came out of the stall about 30 seconds later."]
['GW:  food is excellent but service not so much.  On a repeat visit I attempted  to order something that I thought  I had before and when I queried the water he "laughed "  apparently  I was ordering the wrong item but instead of politely saying this he laughed.  I asked him what was funny and if I made a mistake just let me know....later when the bill came they double charged me until I questioned them and they embarrassing imply after some discussion  among  them selves gave me a half baked  explanation.  Oh well buyer beware food is good but make sure you get a waiter that speaks English  and double check your bill']
['Alright, among the 6 pho restaurants I have been to, from CA to CT to MA ( of course), this is the best! A lot of meat, rare beef is thinly sliced and cooked in boiling broth, very tender and flavor! Good value!']
['Beef noodle soup and chicken teriyaki are our usual at this place. Simple but delicious. Fast service, very large servings, and amazing hot sauce. Great for cold nights or when Boston winter gives you cold/flu. Well priced, you get a lot of food for just a few $$.']
["I love the pho here. Food and portions are a hell of a good price. Service is super quick. This isn't a fancy restaurant with the waiters being courteous and asking you how your food is so don't expect any of that. Also don't take it personal how casual the service is there too. The people there are just there to serve food and work, but generally are nice fellows when you ask them for things like napkins and stuff. The food is what you would mostly go to Pho Pasteur for and it's authentically delicious. I would also recommend their smoothies which are also very good. Have tried the taro, coconut w/ pineapple, and avocado smoothies and it never disappoints. That's why this place is getting five stars!"]
["The place had a lot of tables and the decor was simple (barely there is more like it) but you don't come here for the decor -- you come for the food! The floor is a bit slippery at times when there is more traffic throughout the day. Tables are simple and have all the utensils you need on it.\n\nService is okay but the water and tea refills are on the slower side. I'm glad I had enough broth in my pho to make it through my meal.\n\nThey satisfied my pho craving! The basil and bean sprouts were fresh too which surprisingly isn't always found at some restaurants. They had smaller versions and XL versions of pho along with a very long list of many other dishes and appetizers."]
["If I could I would give it no stars. Worst experience ever. Food is sup par, service sucks. As soon as you take your seat, literally not even a Mintue later they will try to take your order. I had to ask for a glass a water 3 times before they brought my table water. Had to for forks and knives when a friend order pork chops. What, do they expect you to eat your eyes?! I had to ask for forks and knives about 4 times before any was brought over. When the utensils got brought they were slammed on the table like we were an annoyance. When it came to paying the bill it's a mandatory 15% tip. Umm the last time I checked tip was optional if you delivered good customer service!! Never going here again. Your better off going next door to pho hoa. People avoid this place like plague!!"]
["An extensive menu, fast service, fresh &amp; tasty authentic Vietnamese food and the best pho around. I always order a large bowl - you'll be shocked a how large it is! Pho Ga, (chicken noodle soup) one of my favorites. Filled with chicken, scallions, cilantro and noodles, and for one dollar more, steamed vegetables; add to that the complimentary plate of basil and bean sprouts you've got one hell of soup and very easy on the wallet."]
['Excellent spring rolls, great pho. Clean. Fast service. Very reasonable prices. They do rush you a bit. Not a bad seat in the house. Enjoy.']
["Classic Pho. Yummy, reasonably priced, and huge portions. Great during those cold gray winter months. \n\nService is decent - slow unless you wave them over when you want them. I like ordering for take-out, and sharing with a friend. \n\nDon't bother with the bubble tea, overpriced and small compared to cheaper options down Beach street."]
["Tiny restaurant on the corner of Chinatown. Service is lightening fast. The add-ins for the pho are plentiful. I kinda felt really crampt and like I was almost on the lap of the person sitting behind me. Yes, it is a quick turnover restaurent to get the money rolling in. I've had better pho, but not as fast as they gave me this bowl. It was nice, and decent bowl of pho, no socks were blown off, no erections were had. Just a typical bowl of pho."]
['This is now my favorite place to eat Vietnamese food when I come to Boston. The Pho here is delicious and the rest of the food is excellent as well. The service here is always nice and friendly.  The price of the food is very much affordable and they always give generous portions. This place "pho"nomenal and "pho"tastic.  I will always go to this place.']
["The last time I came here for lunch, the waitress took our orders, we turned to chat, and suddenly the beef noodle soups showed up!  It was almost scary how fast it was!\n\nWe used to think of Vietnamese meals as a quick and cheap lunch... still quick, but after tip and tax, my wallet was $10 lighter.  Not exactly cheap... but it'll do now and then.  But still cheap for dinner... since the prices stay the same all day.\n\n4 stars.\n\n*** 9/2011 ***\n\n$10 for a lunch of vermicelli with pork and fried spring roll.\n\n*** 2/2012 ***\n\n$7.95 for a big plate of the flat wide rice noodles with veggies and my choice of meat.  The chicken was a bit dry, but the food was plenty for lunch, and for $10 I got out the door with enough for a snack for later.\n\n*** 1/2013 ***\n\nPrices have gone up a tad - the chicken chow foon is now $8.25, and even though they don't mention celery in the list of veggies on the menu, they do arrive stir-fried into the dish.  Flavors are good though along with the generous portion.\n\nThe pork chop rice plate is also now $8.25, and the chops were more generous in portion than the chops I spotted at Pho Hoa around the block and just a tad down the street later in the month.\n\n*** 5/2013 ***\n\nThe pork chop rice plate has stayed at $8.25, and the portion stayed generous.  The grilled sliced pork &amp; egg roll vermicelli was $8.50 and I had no trouble finishing it, but I was most definitely full after doing so.  I liked that their fish sauce and peanut sauce arrived sans spicy red sauce, which is available on the table for the spice lovers.  An $11 meal, and a great dinner option.\n\n*** 10/2015 ***\n\nRating adjusted down a star to 3, primarily due to the sticker-shock of half my normal Vietnamese faves surpassing the nine dollar mark at this, the priciest of the Vietnamese establishments I frequent in the Chinatown area:\n\n#96 Tofu Vegetables Chowfoon stir-fried (flat rice noodle) $9.35\n#51 Grilled Sliced Pork and Egg Roll Vermicelli $9.35\n#39 BBQ Pork Chops (2) Rice on Plate $8.95\n#14 Beef Noodle Soup $7.75/$7.95/$8.95\n\nAnd it didn't help that my #96 came with plenty of celery after I asked for it to come with no celery, and it took two requests for me to get a box for my leftovers.  Oh, well, at least the portion did me in, so I took near a third of it home with me.\n\n*** 1/2016 ***\n\nNew year, new menu.  I guess they have to stay ahead of their competitors in price after I noticed that one of their nearer neighbors had seemed to match Pho Pasteur's old price iteration.\n\n#8 Vietnamese Pancake (Pizza) $9.35\nA selection of beef noodle soups $7.95 (S) $8.50 (L) $9.50 (XL)\n#35 Chow Foon with beef, chicken or pork $9.95\n#39 BBQ Pork Chops (2) Rice on Plate $9.50\n#41 BBQ Pork Chop, shredded pork skin, and steamed ground pork cake on Rice on Plate $10.00\n#51 Grilled Sliced Pork and Egg Roll Vermicelli $9.95\n\nAdmittedly, however, my order of #39 BBQ Pork Chops (2) Rice on Plate $9.50 arrived with a 3 on the plate - I think they gave me a third chop to provide me with a more satisfactory portion since they were a bit on the small side.\n\nI found it odd however that the lady counted the money right at the table as our party were getting our jackets on, instead of taking it and counting it out of sight.  What, were you planning to jump us if you thought we under-tipped you?\n\n*** 1/2017 ***\n\nA tablemate's lo mein with chicken was a great portion, so we needed take out containers for both that and my BBQ Pork Chops, Rice on Plate."]
["Pho Pasteur is one of my favorite places to eat Pho. Though the restaurant is often crowded, the wait is never more than ten minutes for a table and the food is always satisfactory. \n\nMy favorite dish is definitely the Pho with vermicelli noodles and chicken. The regular bowl is a lot deeper than it originally looks and they serve the dish with a pile of fresh basil leaves and other herbs that add to the fresh taste. They also give you a side bowl of bean sprouts that you can add to your liking to the piping hot soup. There service is quick and the servers are moderately friendly which is all you can expect at just under 8$ a bowl. \n\nOther things on the menu include Vietnamese fresh rolls which come with a delicately reach peanut sauce. Though the shrimp inside is a little chewy, the vegetarian version is much better and a delicious way to warm up your palete.\n\nThe restaurant also offers takeout and you get all the same fixings you would in store which is rare for takeout soup. I strongly recommend this restaurant if your a fan of fresh ingredients at a reasonable price.\n\nThe only issue I have is that since the restaurant is small, the tables are often very close together so when it's crowded you'll most likely get bumped a few times by passing servers or people being seated. But besides the tight space, the food is outstanding."]
["Meh. I've had a lot of Vietnamese food in my day and was hoping to find something locally that would satisfy the craving. We ordered fresh rolls, satay and 2 noodle dishes. Peanut sauce was sub par. Tofu noodle dish was sub par. Everything was average. \n\nService was fast which is the plus. And the plate of noodles was enough to food a family of 4. So it hit the spot but meh, could be better."]
["They're really a 3.5, but I'll give them a 3 because they also forget my drink! They don't bring it out until the end, and that's AFTER I remind them.\n\nFood: I usually get the rice plate with an added fried egg. I also do like their spring rolls.\n\nTheir pho is also slightly better than their competition. \n\nThey are probably my favorite vietnamese restaurant in chinatown - so if you have the cravings and are in the area, do stop by. You and your companion can get a filling meal in under $20-25, so why not?"]
["Can't say much more than the prior 500 yelpers \nGreat Pho and an excellent price."]
["I'm always skeptical of restaurants in Chinatown where most of the diners are not Asian.  However, I did try Pho Pasteur when it existed in Harvard Square (assuming they were owned by the same people), and I enjoyed it.  Also, Xinh XInh was closed, so I decided to give Pho Pastuer a go.\n\nService is pushy as you would expect it to be in a Chinatown restaurant.  The pho is a very sizable portion and is a nice bowl of food; the noodles still have some bite to them, the broth is warm and comforting, and the beef was good.  Overall, the pho is not as good as Xinh Xinh's, though.\n\nThe Pad Thai is pretty good, but the noodles are on the greasy side.  The shrimp was surprisingly tender.  \n\nTheir lemonade was also surprisingly good.  The lychee shake I had was too sweet and grainy.\n\nNot bad, Pho Pastuer, but I'd still rather go to Xinh XInh's if they're open and their lines aren't too long."]
["I truly feel sorry for anyone who thinks that this is the best pho that they ever had. Granted, it doesn't seem like there are very many options in the area, but if this is the pinnacle of Boston pho, then many of you are simply missing out :(\n\nMy pho experiences have taken me across Hawaii, Pennsylvania, California and New York, but I can honestly say that this was blandest pho that I have ever had. The broth simply had no body or flavor whatsoever. Whenever I am at a new pho spot, I always sip a few spoon fulls of the broth before adding in any condiments and it literally just tasted like watered down beef broth with like a hint of herby-spice aroma. No amount of Sirracha and chili oil could really save it. My husband and roomie pretty much said the same thing. \n\nBland pho was really bland :-/"]
["I'm not sure how busy this place normally is, but there was no wait around 1PM on a weekday.  I had the small chicken pho and added steamed veggies and it was plenty of food for lunch.  The broth was really tasty and didn't seem too MSG-laden.  The chicken itself was a little tough but I just set it aside and concentrated on the plentiful bean sprouts, noodles, and soup.\n\nTheir homemade chili sauce (not the sriracha, but the one in the unmarked bottle) is AWESOME.\n\nSnarly but quick service.  I hung out after finishing my meal to do some reading and there was no rushing me.  They didn't even bring the check until I asked for it.\n\nIn and out for $10, including tax and tip.  I'll be back to try the regular pho!"]
['Pho is the perfect food for recovering from a hangover. This place is grimy, as all Pho places should be, and the service is mostly mediocre, with the important exception that your giant bowl of meat-and-noodles comes out almost instantly.\n\nI mean, they bring you a bowl of delicious broth with cow (or chicken, I suppose, but get the beef) parts and noodles in it. You put limes and spicy stuff and bean sprouts in.\n\nCheap, too.']
["What do you do when visiting Boston? Head to Chinatown! We saw this restaurant along with a bunch of other seedy looking restaurants. I checked Yelp reviews and we settled on this Pho restaurant. It was very busy inside, but we were seated immediately and for a family of six that is a rare occasion. They immediately brought hot tea and water. The waiters/waitresses are very fast, they don't spend much time with you but it does not come across as rude...just expedited. I ordered the Pho with brisket and plain pho with just broth and noodles for three of the kids. I have to say that this was by far the best flavor Pho I have had. The Pho in DC and Virginia is good, but this was excellent. The broth was so tasty and fragrant, I will definitely come again next time I'm in Boston."]
["Returned for the hundredth time....we're suckers for the Pho Ga, best broth in Boston! The place is full, as usual, but the service is smooth and fast and the soup is excellent."]
['This establishment has been here for quite a while. There\'s a great article from 1998 in Boston Phoenix:\nhttp://www.bostonphoenix.com/archive/features/98/07/16/PHO_PASTEUR.html\n\nLe has at least five locations at this point (including "Le\'s" in the Harvard Square "The Garage").\n\nHave had lots of things from this place ranging from Pho Ga (chicken pho / noodle soup) to the beef pho and beef ball pho and non-pho. As well as take out. From a friend who went to Vietnam and lived there for a year, she said this was pretty good. Of course she lives in central Connecticut without much Vietnamese food. It is rather busy especially around lunch time. Partly because you can get your food very quickly so they can turn around customers relatively fast. In about 30+ times there, I\'ve only had one order messed up (not bad!) -- and only for a large party.\n\nHighlights of this place:\n+ definitely the fruit shakes. A tad pricy ($3+) but tasty. You can get stuff like Jack Fruit, pineapple, fresh mango, strawberry. I didn\'t see durian (heh heh).\n\n+ Pho (rice noodle soup): I have not had the seafood pho though. The beef and the chicken pho many times. I\'ve tried to make pho and this is what I observe: Pho Pasteur may use MSG to make it more tasty. The chicken pho does not have fish sauce (although you can add it in yourself, and they give you a little container of it if you get takeout) probably to suit American taste. The broth is not overly salty although I suspect it is fairly salty (large probably like 800+mg of sodium). They usually do pho with onions, cilantro, and then you can add bean sprouts and Asian/thai basil and lime yourself.\n\nPho Ga is my go-to when it\'s cold and I need a warm soup or if I have a cold.\n\n+ the non-pho dishes were pretty tasty. They do have a vegetarian section.\n\n+ the hot sauces (Sriracha, chili garlic/sambal oelek, chili oil) and unlimited small green (Thai?) peppers\n\nOkay. I love hot food. I can handle "hot Indian vindaloo" and used to count the number of Thai peppers I could eat with my meal (currently 8 is about what I can handle without having indigestion or discomfort).\n\n+ value/prices (under $10 for a large or extra large pho!!) and portion size\n\nSome things that are okay or could be improved:\n- cleanliness is middling (okay ... I don\'t think they clean much in the middle of the day except if you make a spill or mess)\n- bathrooms are okay (they don\'t stink)\n- feels like a pho factory, can\'t really lounge around or take your time at lunch\n- a tad cramped (they are in a busy part of town and have decent prices and relatively fast -- so they have a ton of customers)']
["Upon coming into the restaurant, it definitely smells authentic (though I have never been to a restaurant in Vietnam). The place was fairly packed on a tuesday night but nevertheless, my two friends and I were seated straight away. We looked at the menu and the prices were very good! Nearly every meal was about 10$ or less. I ordered the beef vermicelli dish not really knowing what to expect. Our dishes came out very quickly! As in, less than 10 minutes. This made me slightly suspicious as to how good quality the food was, and I understood after receiving a large bowl or cold noodles and beef. Now don't get me wrong, the dish was very good, I just wasn't expecting cold noodles and I would have preferred if they were warmer. But the beef was great and the portion size was huge. I can't really complain, it was a good meal. just different."]
["I got to this restaurant at least every other week. Their food is just as good as the Vietnamese restaurants in Houston's Chinatown. The service is ridiculously fast, and then food is always hot and delicious. I love their Pho Ga and could eat it every day. The free tea at the beginning of the meal is always nice, too.\n\nThere are usually a lot of college students hanging out in here and people trying Vietnamese food for the first time, so it's a welcoming environment if you're nervous about eating in Chinatown. The menus have English, as well.\n\nOver all, you really can't go wrong."]
["After working my booth at PAX East it's always nice to get something that's cheap and is actually real food.  Chinatown never fails if you know what to get.  This place looked promising and I got my money's worth.  I ordered a rice dish with pork skin, pork chop, and this ground meat brick.  I also shelled out an extra dollar for the pan fried eggs too.  I was fucking hungry.\n\nI don't understand Vietnamese food too much so I just mixed all the sauces up and dribbled it on everything.  It was very satisfying so I have no fucks to give.  The only thing that was weird was the pork skin was strips of limp skin.  I thought it'd be deep fried and crispy but then again I don't know Vietnamese food well.  The peanut dust was also a little strange texture wise.  It was like I was shoveling in dirt and dust every now and then.  Just had to make sure my sauces drenched that up real good.\n\nWashed it all down with their iced coffee.  Damn good."]
["Yummy food, great portions, and cheap!  \n\nThis is my safe go-to place when I have a yummy craving. It's like comfort food-Chinese/Vietnamese style :-)"]
['Amazing Pho...and the large bowl is huge! Also the spring rolls are real good too. Prices are right. Check it out!']
['Best Vietnamese food in the Boston area. The staff are mainly country side Vietnamese folk, and make great soups, fish and veggies. My girl friend is from Vietnam and feels very much at home eating here. This cuisine is the closest you can get to authentisity!']
['I used to work down the street so my friends and I frequented this place a decent amount. I was very happy to find a cheap and yummy place for noodles and bubble tea. Service is fast and staff is friendly. Get the summer rolls, bubble tea, the pho noodle soups. Also great vegetarian options. My friends and I can actually eat together here and all be full and satisfied at the end of the meal. \n\nAlso decent decor inside as well!']
["Went here for pho with some friends late one Saturday night. The service was great, the pho was delicious!! However...I am spoiled.  I just love my pho places around here more, sorry. I still wouldn't hesitate to go to this place again for pho. I am a fan for sure!!"]
['The food is great, prices are reasonable. However, the waiters are rude and lazy. Im 100% Vietnamese and I can talk to them in Vietnamese, so trust me when I say those waiters is the reason I would come to Pho Hoa just right next door in stead of this place.']
["I absolutely love this place and have been a customer for over eight years. I love that I don't have to wait long for either a table or food. I love that it is affordable and I love LOVE the hot soup with fresh basil condiments on the side. Then why 4 and not 5 stars?\n\nAbout 3 years ago they stopped serving the side dish of basil and sprouts with the same soup  that myself and friends *always* ordered.  For the last three years I have to special request it but this week they practically made me beg for it. I had to ask three people and one of them told me it was already in the soup. Listen man, if I want fresh basil like everyone else, please give it!! Charge me if you have to, but don't make me beg! I noticed a recent price increase on the menu so what's the problem??????????????????????????????????"]
["Pretty much all you need to know.\n\nIf you're thinking about getting pho in Chinatown at a great deal, go to Pho Pasteur. Biggest portions for a great value and the best tasting in my opinion as well."]
["I don't really have much to compare to being that I haven't eaten much pho, but this place is definitely authentic and good.  \n\n+ very reasonable prices \n+ yummy / authentic pho dishes \n+ many dishes to choose from beyond pho\n+ very quick service \n+ huge portions\n\n+/- always packed... means it's good, but sometimes a wait!\n\n- decor could use some sprucing up \n\nfun place to go with friends for a quick and delicious bite to eat!"]
['I only had the pho, but man was that worth writing a review about. $7.50 gets you a very large bowl of everything you could want -- the broth, the beef, and the noodles were all delicious. The service left a little to be desired. The woman who took our order came by quickly and our food arrived at a similar speed, but when we asked for water, it took quite a bit longer. I also had to steal a spoon from one of the other tables, as ours only had one left for two diners and both of us were definitely going to finish off our bowls. All in all, though, a positive experience. I will definitely be back.']
["This place used to very good, but the service and quality has plummeted. The soup for the pho was lukewarm and coated with fat. The meats were served sparingly. No napkins were offered until asked for twice and you're basically not even acknowledged as a human being here. The only time service was attentive was when picking up the check and payment. Go elsewhere for good food and service."]
['I\'ve realized I spoiled myself for trying Pho for the first time in San Francisco - still unsure on if anything can ever live up to that standard. My boyfriend and I have been here twice and enjoyed our meals both times. You get a ton of food for the price and service is very quick! I typically stick with some variety of Pho and he gets the cashew shrimp. Both are good and flavorful, but just average as compared to other Vietnamese restaurants on the west coast. I\'ll still keep this as a "go-to" in Boston.']
["Seating: 8 of us got seated in 48 seconds flat smack dab of noon on Wednesday!! They have square tables in which they Lego-up to accommodate for the party size. Genius.  \n\nCustomer service: Straight shooters. You better know what you want or else you get the stink eyeball.\n\nAmbiance: Festively decorative and tasteful.\n\nFried egg rolls: These aren't the best rolls I've eaten, but they do get the job done son.\n\nTai #22: YES PLEASE!!! The broth is legit. The raw steak is delectably mad tasty, thick, and  generously spread in the bowl.  They come in regular and large bowls. The sprouts, basil, and lime were SUPER FRESH!!! A+++\n\nClothing: You walk out of the place without the pho smell on your shirt. That's a bonus for those of you walking into a meeting right after lunch.\n\nVerdict: You will most likely see me check in here at least once a week.\n\n;)"]
["Yum! This place is pho-nominal. Authentic Vietnamese food, great prices, and fast service. A real steal. I love the savory vegetarian pho and the fresh spring rolls. There's also some great Chinese options if you're in the mood for a little pho-fusion."]
["I usually get the pho or the vermicelli. I would say this place is distinctly meh, but sometimes you just want to go someplace where you don't have to wait forever (the good spots in Chinatown are consistently swamped) and where you can sit with your pals and chow down without too much fuss. This is that place."]
["One of my favorite Pho places in Boston! the restaurant is modest in appearance - don't expect fancy service or decor, but the food quality is great, the food is delivered quickly and the prices very affordable. It can get a bit crowded and loud. Love #13 and the three color desert!"]
["I would give this 2 stars. We went here only because there was a two hour wait at the other place that we had planned on going. \n\nSo fine, we got right into this place. It's bigger inside here and they have a lot of stuff on their menu, none of which I really understood. But whatever- I had someone there to help me.\n\nI ordered the beef pho and it was the SMALL one too! It was still huge, so they have great pricing for the amount of food you are getting. But there was all kinds of funky things in there and the beef was fatty and I didn't really enjoy it.\n\nThe waiter also was so unfriendly!\n\nProbably would not come back here."]
["I am new to Boston, and I had Pho here for the first time the other day - I wish I could eat her every day.  The pho was amazing - plus it was not too expensive and you get a lot.  Also, the spring rolls are incredible.  \n\nThe only downfall is the service - they are a little slow and don't really come by that often. \n\nBut, I like finding places to eat that I would want to eat at every day!"]
["I ordered for pick up as they don't do delivery over the phone. You can get delivery, but need to order online.  Pho was delicious, and just what I needed on a cold night."]
["Wanting pho in Chinatown, Boston? Pho Pasteur is the place to go right after the airport or on a cold night. Parking can be tricky but definitely a-typical Vietnamese/Chinese menu with tons of vegetarian options as well. I usually stick to rice or soup dishes- haven't tried much else!"]
['All I have to say is nom nom yummy!!!! I think we ordered everything on the menu that night lol... Most deff going back very soon!']
["I work in the financial district, and have friends who work in the Innovation District. When we want to meet up for lunch, Pho Pasteur seems to be the spot of choice. \n\nNow I'm mostly a burgers-and-pizza sort of guy, but I recognize that in the past year or two Pho has become quite popular and I can see why. It's hot, tasty, and cheap. Essentially it's a big bowl of fatty meats, salty broth, and noodles. Probably not the best thing for you if you're worried about your sodium intake, but especially on a cold day it really warms you up.\n\nIf you're just getting the Pho soup, the service here is insanely fast. Within a few minutes you'll have your soup, which is great when you're trying to take a quick lunch break at work. I'm not sure how long other dishes take to prepare. \n\nThe price is reasonable. A large bowl of Pho is $7.50, and large is way more than you need for lunch. If you throw in some egg rolls and other items it starts to add up a bit, but not too much. Again, I wouldn't necessarily want to spend this much money on lunch every single day, but to go out once every week or two it's a nice treat."]
["Consistently delicious seafood pho...on cold windy day, more often than not I burst into Pho Pasteur's tight quarters, get ushered to a small uncomfortable table where a server shows up before I even touch the menu.  No worries...I already know I'll get the seafood pho noodle soup.  A giant bowl arrives just several minutes later, and with the addition of Thai basil and lime juice, I dive into the heavenly fragrant and yummy pho broth with amazingly fresh seafood (my favorite is the calamari).  The place is my choice for pre-theater dining as well."]
["I was wandering around and settled on this place since I saw a lot of people there at 9:30 at night.  Seemed okay.  I was originally going to get Pho, but because it was so damn hot outside, I decided to get my second Vietnamese favorite- the shrimp vermicelli bowl.  \n\nI was sadly appalled at how lazily my dish was prepared.  It had about 5 pieces of shrimp which were cooked with the shell on, so I had to peel them myself and get try to get those nasty veins off of them with my cheap wooden chopsticks whose splinters kept irritating me as I ate.  It was if they were pre-cooked and grilled right before serving so that they tasted burnt and overcooked.  The  cucumbers looked as if the kitchen staff was having a shredding competition in the back and were thrown into my bowl half shredded and with various pieces of cucumber skin you'd otherwise throw in the garbage. I guess that's what I get for not ordering Pho at a Pho place.\n\nThe service was inattentive at best. I had to get out of my seat to get the attention of my server to pay the bill as he was busily chatting and laughing with his coworkers.\n\nI looked on Yelp after I ate and was surprised at how many people love this place for the food.  If I'm ever in the mood to have a shitty dining experience again, I'll come back to try the Pho."]
['I love Pho and this place does not disappoint. Service was fast and food was delicious.']
["GREAT Pho but just know what you are in for.  It's very, very busy here and can be noisy sometimes (it's probably the most popular Pho spot in the city) but solid food.  The service is also very quick so don't expect to sit around for a three course fine dining experience."]
["I've been here and have only ordered pho (Vietmanese noodle soup). I usually order #1 (comes with many types of meat cuts, and the beef noodle broth) with spring rolls (clear wraps with rice noodles and shrimp/pork). The food is really yummy, but typical of most good pho places I've been to. \n\nPho is a Vietmanese beef noodle soup dish. It comes with a side of raw bean sprouts and fresh basil that you can add to the soup along with Sriracha and hoisin sauce. I love the fast service and yummy food."]
['"What? You\'re a California-raised full-blooded Asian and you\'ve never eaten Pho?" Apparently that\'s not okay. But after a bad experience with Vietnamese sandwiches I was pretty much afraid to eat anything in the Vietnamese family. But I was dying for something, anything warm thanks to this freezing Boston winter, and I ended up here for my first pho experience. \n\nChinatown restaurants kind of sketch me out. I automatically assume (probably correctly) that they\'re dirty. I have no idea how they named this place, but I was hoping Pho Pasteur took a page out of Louis Pasteur\'s book and was pasteurizing the shit out of their food so I would avoid illness (good news, I did).\n\nThe Pho comes fast and it\'s damn cheap. We sat down. Ordered. And within 5 minutes, the soup arrived. We both ordered the extra large bowl (there was a $.45 difference between the L and XL) but seriously the XL was way too much. Lots of noodles and a TON of meat. Neither of us could finish. Since I was a pho virgin prior to this experience, I can\'t comment on the quality, but I thought it was good (I do love cilantro), and for the price, you can\'t really go wrong (where can you get too much food for less than 8 bucks?).\n\nThe service wasn\'t great. I ordered water at the beginning which never came. Also, they pretty much want you to eat and get the hell out. Once we were done eating, they cleared not only our bowls, but also our cups of tea and everything else on the table. \n\nGood place to eat for a quick, cheap bite on a cold night.']
["I got the biggest bowl of pho with brisket, rare steak, tendon, and tripe which was excellent. It was chock full of the meats, the basil and spouts were fresh. The broth was very good--not the clearest--but very good. I think the pho was about $9 or so, reasonable. The service, although grumpy and impersonal, was very good and fast. This pho would come close to beating a home-town favorite, but they didn't serve it with mint, jalapenos, or lime."]
['Not too many pho options in the area, but Pho Pasteur is delicious and cheap so it doesn\'t really matter.  Only thing is when it\'s crowded they will seat you next to other parties and I ain\'t bout that life.  Good food though.\n\nnote: I am from California and all the other Californians on here saying how it isn\'t "real" pho are just being pretentious and I apologize for them']
['Best pho in Boston. Pho and vermicelli are amazing. Summer rolls amazing\n\nGood portions as well']
["I've been to this place religiously ever since freshman year of college. This is a solid place for a heaping bowl of pho for still one of the most reasonable prices in town. I don't really like most of the rest of the menu, I really think pho is their best stuff."]
['Pho Pasteur, you have long been the yin to my yang. Your avocado shakes put out the fires within my soul. Your delicious, fresh pho quenches my thirst for warm, brothy comfort and my hunger for basil and sprouts. Your bustling but beneficent staff keep my water glass full, and bring the food out so quickly. Your Thai iced teas and red bean drinks have sustained me many an afternoon, especially in college, when my friends and I would stroll over here from Emerson to blow off steam between epic study sessions. \n\nSome days, I wish to explore the world of other dishes on your menu, or even other Vietnamese restaurants in town. This is proper and good. But still, I find when my soul is weary, I come to rest upon your shores. After all, why mess with wabi-sabi: near-perfection?']
['Ever since I moved to Boston after living in California a couple years ago I\'ve missed truly good Pho. This isn\'t the best I\'ve ever had per se, but it\'s really, really good. Takeout is so easy, they take your order in less than 30 seconds and it\'s ready within 5 minutes. I left my order, walked over, paid at the little takeout booth they have and walked out. I was eating a delicious lunch pronto, and this was right during the busy lunch window.\n\nI got the #12 that comes with tripe, rare beef, and other meaty goodness. Love how they pack a whole "kit" for you with Thai basil, sprouts, fish sauce, etc... Only complaint is that they don\'t provide a plastic bowl - if you don\'t have one where you were planning to eat, it could be difficult. Also, the chopsticks were subpar (bent!).\n\nThe broth was good, not too salty, but still flavorful. Meat was good quality. My coworkers were JEALOUS!\n\nIf you\'re craving better-than-good-Pho this place hits the spot. Oh, big portions too for $8.']
["My friend was in town and craving Pho, so we stopped in here while grocery shopping in Chinatown. It was a good experience overall, and I'd come back to try more.\n\nWe were seated immediately by a friendly server, and our food and drinks took literally just a few minutes to arrive.\n\nI just drank tea, but my friend got some kind of chicken noodle soup that was very good ( I ended up eating the leftovers later.) The pho comes in small, medium, and large. I can't even imagine what the large looks like, as she ordered the small and it was more than enough for her meal. As with most Chinatown places, the prices are great too- I think our bill was about 10$ for pho and soda. \n\nThe atmosphere is nothing special, but face it, you don't come to Chinatown for its elegance. You come for delicious pho, and that's what you'll get!"]
["To make it short:\n\nThe place has gone down hill in the past few years like everyone else has been saying. Service is pretty awful, they really do not care if you get everything that you need. We ordered the cha gio (fried spring rolls) one time, they were limp, luke warm and awful. Probably sitting under the food warmer for some time. Nor do they serve with cha gio with lettuce or mint. That is a total turn off for me.Their pork chop rice plate is pretty decent as in a large (2) pork chop yes, but it's the cheap blade cut with cartilage and tendons.  \n\nGo to Xinh Xinh that is right around the corner, my friend who has eaten here and at XX says the pho and overall food just tastes better there."]
["The beef pho broth was oversalted and the meat wasn't cut well. The noodles came in one twisted clump and the whole bowl was almost lukewarm instead of piping hot. Throw in the godawful service (even by Chinatown standards) from surly waiters and you've got a place to never visit. One star for the fresh basil."]
["We stopped by Pho Pasteur for a light lunch.  It's a pretty big pho restaurant and fairly clean.  \n\nWe started with an order of Summer Rolls which typically have shrimp, pork, basil, mint, and noodles.  Which is what is listed on their menu but they substituted the pork with chicken and there was no basil or mint leaves.  Still tasted good regardless but the switch-a-roo without being told is not appreciated which leads me to believe that they think nobody would notice.\n\nThe pho was decent.  What I did appreciate was that the have small bowls.  For those who cannot eat a large serving their small is actually a decent size and not actually a medium.  \n\nThe service was ok, they didn't really pay much attention.  Overall it was an ok restaurant but definitely no the most memorable."]
["This is a good spot for anybody who is in Chinatown. It's always got a little crowd but usually always has seating available . The phi is amazingly great and the prices are awesome."]
["My mom loves pho, and we came here three times in the span of a week because of her.  The pho must be good lol.  I had some, and I liked it, but I generally think that pho tastes the same everywhere.\n\nI did really like the spring rolls.  The sauce is what makes it the best though.  And the avocado smoothie that I had was great as well.\n\nThe service is subpar.  They aren't really paying attention, even when they aren't busy."]
["This is one of my favorite spots in Chinatown. Great food, huge portions, fast service, and very inexpensive. The menu is enormous with lots of vegetarian options. The Pho is phenomenal and so are the stir fry dishes. \n\nLike many others have said, the dining experience isn't anything to write home about. Its a fast-paced, busy restaurant with a handful of servers taking orders and running food back and forth at lightening speed. So, if you're looking for a romantic night out, get it to go! If you need to kill a half hour while filling your stomach, stop in! There's always something new to try."]
["Having been to Pho Hoa II and Xinh Xinh next door and liked them both (a lot), I had high expectations for Pho Pasteur when I saw the huuuge mass of diners around lunch time. Unfortunately, this place doesn't live up to either Pho Hoa or XX in terms of food. Service was SLOW, our entrees all came at different times, our waitress forgot our sauce 3 times (and ultimately completely forgot about it), and flavors just aren't as tasty as its neighbors. \n\nAtmosphere is laid-back, casual, bustling and extremely busy on a weekday at around 1pm. \n\nI ordered the shrimp spring rolls (which were super cheap ($3) and they were average - hardly any shrimp, lots of vermicelli noodles, and as fresh as any other restaurants rolls. \n\nThe grilled shrimp vermicelli (which is a soup-less noodle dish that is served with a light fish sauce) was mediocre at best. The shrimp was over-cooked and completely drenched in oil. The vegetables on the side were a little boring (just shredded lettuce, cucumber, and bean sprouts), and last but not least, the waitress forgot the dipping sauce!! \n\nStir-fried tofu with vermicelli - My mom's dish looked like it was haphazardly tossed into the bowl. Plating wasn't great, but flavors were good. She enjoyed it. \n\nThe stir-fried gai lan (veggies) were cooked well and served in a sweet brown sauce. Tasty...but probably because I was starving after waiting a full 40 minutes for my entree after my mom got hers. \n\nTaste: 2.5/5 (Below average. Go to Pho Hoa II) \nPlating: 3/5 (What you'd expect at an average Vietnamese restaurant)\nOriginality: 3/5 (Average, but they have a section dedicated to vegetarian dishes!) \nValue: 3/5 (Good sized, filling meal.) \n\nI think the problem is just WAY too many customers...to the point where the waiters are completely overworked and the chef's can't control when the dishes go out to customers. I'd prefer not to wait starving while I watch my dining companions finish their dishes before mine actually arrives."]
["Every experience here is always the same and that's perfectly fine. The food is fast, hot, flavorful and cheap. The service is brusque, curt and they just couldn't be bothered. I fell in love with bun here and it's pretty much all I order. I know exactly what's going to happen everytime I come. Can't wait to go back again."]
['Food is decent, however I probably go here once a year at most due to the terrible service. Not so accommodating']
['If you\'re looking for the cure, it\'s here. Not going to lie, there have been many times a cup of Dunkin Donuts couldn\'t do the trick after a wild not so sober night. It\'s something here though, maybe its the hot soup or maybe it\'s all the noodles soaking up all the alcohol in your body, but all I know is this does the trick.\n\nI usually come here, if i\'m in need for some hot beef noodle soup, yup Xue Lua for me, that would be an extra large beef special. The special comes with a variety of different cuts of meat, sometimes not as much as I would like, but it\'s enough to hit the spot. I know all of the other Pho Pasteur\'s around town has changed their names to "Le\'s", but I have some connection here. It\'s the broth I\'ll tell ya, maybe they boil it longer or maybe it\'s more MSG, but whatever it is, I like. Spring rolls are good fried or fresh, rice plates may take longer, but I\'d go else where for it.\n\nGood food at a good price. Take the cure challenge. It\'s easy down a dozen beers followed by another dozen shots, party it out, come here the next day and let me know!']
["Unfortunately, my frequent visit to this establishment has revealed the fatal flaw of a restaurant drunk on its popularity and fancy advertisement. It may be the most showy pho restaurant in Boston Chinatown, but the food isn't bad... but it simply lacks the soul and creativity seen from its competitors. While I've never gotten physically sick eating here, I have heard of my colleagues who swore off this place due to a nasty food poisoning experience. That being said, the services are fast (mildly rude) and you will be full without paying a hefty sum."]
['Worst service imaginable. Food was great, but the service ruined it.  They forgot what we ordered and brought our food before the beer which they forgot.']
["This is one of my favorite spots for Pho in Boston.  I usually order the curry noodle soup (vegetarian or with chicken) and find it soo delicious I tried to make it on my own.  They also have other great noodle soups, and its always packed, so I think the locals love it.  The service is typical casual Asian style, but they are fast and the food is always hot.  They take requests - like no onions for me - which makes me think they make my food to order.  I love this spot before a movie or on a very cold day...\n\nI don't eat beef, so my reviews on the traditional pho are lacking, but I also really love the hot and sour soup."]
['Great location, cheap food, solid taste.\n\nLocation: Right as you enter China Town, visible from the Chinatown Orange Line.  \n\nPrices:  So low.  Pho and Vietnamese food in general is quite low.  You can get in and out of there with less then $10/person.\n\nFood:  Great Pho.  I have not had the other options, but you go there for Pho.  The Limeade was pretty good too. \n\nOther:  Service is not bad, but not great.  Language barrier is not a problem generally.  The place seems relatively clean too.  Not the best Pho in town, but very good.']
['Great vietnamese restaurant in Boston chinatown! Food was really good and the portions were huge! Although the restaurant looks like it could be brought over to this side of the millennium.']
["This place is not bad but I wouldn't say it's really good either. \n\nIt's pretty large for a Vietnamese restaurant and looks relatively decent inside- I'd say its the nicest appearing viet place in Chinatown. \n\nTheir Vietnamese pancake appetizer is quite good, perfect for sharing between 2 ppl but a bit messy to eat. \n\nTheir portions are pretty large and prices are good. I like their lemongrass chicken a lot, but white rice is sometimes kinda mushy. Their beef cubes are not that tasty. Service is good."]
["Some places (i.e. Lemongrass in Brookline) charge more for far less food, so after a few bites I've hit the bottom of the bowl and need to ask for the menu again. But not Pho Pasteur in Chinatown! Since high school I've always appreciated their generosity with noodles and loads of beef in the XL bowl. \n\nSome people don't like pho, but it's almost always because they don't put any hot sauce or hoisin sauce in their soup. You need to put a TON in; just when you think you squeezed enough of the red and brown bottles, think again. You need more. Squeeze and stir. Squeeze and stir. Slurp.\n\nMy only frustration is the lack of space when there are lots of people, namely at night. A waiter stepped on my foot as he was backin' it up. With only 3-6 inches of space between me and someone else (and often we might as well be embracing), I was viscerally frustrated last night having to stand over people eating, and stare at them like a creeper. I needed to enter the 4th dimension because I felt other bodies and I were co-existing in the same location."]
["My family and I have been eating here almost every weekend since I was a little kid. I've never been to Vietnam to try authentic pho, but this place has absolutely delicious pho. If you're going for the first time, get the number 12! Or a smaller size, if an XL is too much!\n\nThe prices have risen but they're still totally affordable, and they have excellent service. Most of the time, the pho comes out literally in seconds.\n\nThe one concern I have is the cleanliness of the food. Their bathrooms are kind of gross but compared to other Chinatown bathrooms, they're alright. The tables are just wiped with a damp cloth, and sometimes the little trays and spoons still have muck on them. But I've been eating here for at least 8 years and I've never gotten sick from their food, so it can't be that dirty!"]
['I have been coming here for years and the quality remains excellent and the prices very reasonable.  It is usually crowded but never too long, if any, of a wait.   I typically order the pho, but have had noodle dishes and fresh spring rolls - all terrific.   But pho is what they are known for.']
["The restaurant open early on a Sunday morning and it was the only Pho place in China town that open by 10AM. \nI cannot say I was impressed by the pho....\nThe soup base was no favor and the egg rolls was plain. \nThe only thing was good was the ice coffee. \nI don't think I will go back there again."]
['Ordered delivery to my hotel.  Had the grilled pork with vermicelli.  Asked for no bean sprouts.  They gave me half a pound of it.  The meat was so dry.  The bun bo hue was inedible.']
["I've heard alot of compliments about this place from friends.  I must say that I wasn't blown away at all on my visit.  I ordered noodles and they came out under salted with barely any soy sauce.  It was a pretty bland dish all in all, and the meat was not cut evenly, leading to some overcooked pieces.  The service was quite spotty despite the fact that it was not super busy, and none of the staff was all that nice.  The food does have a decent value though, since much of it comes out in quite large portions."]
["YES, to asian employees, because in a packed place, no one does it better.  It didn't matter that my soup came a bit after my companion's.  I got it within 10 minutes of being there.\n\nI don't eat Pho so much anymore, as I prefer other Vietnamese noodle soups.  Vegetarian Hot n Sour Soup with Pineapple and tomatoes.  Perfect for my slight hangover.\n\nWATERCRESS SOUP IS DELICIOUS AND NOURISHING!!\n\nWe were in and out!"]
["I love the pho here. I usually get the XL rare steak and it's a gigantic bowl of food for only about $10 (the human-sized portions are even cheaper). The broth is very good, especially with a little bit of chili-garlic sauce, and some of the fresh basil and lime they give you (they also give bean sprouts but I'm not a fan). The only thing keeping the rating from being 5 stars is that it can be VERY busy around lunch time and even when it's not extremely busy it can feel pretty rushed."]
['Food is decent and prices are fairly cheap but service is just terrible. I tried this place several  times and waited for 25 minutes for my food on several occasions. My fault for giving them so many chances.']
["We have eaten at the Chinatown (Boston) location of Pho Pasteur at least a dozen times over the last two years. Generally speaking their food is excellent. We always order the Pho/Noodles/Beef and a side order of Spring Rolls. My wife and I generally each order the small soup. \n\nWe decided to do a take-out order and the experience was very poor. We repeated our typical order only this time noting how much leftover we generally had with two small soups, we decided to order just one x-large soup. Our plan was to share.\n\nThe delivery took over an hour, it's fair to state we are 2-3 miles from the restaurant. The food arrived cold. The soup broth was a small, the noodles an extra large. The delivery driver forgot his wallet and could not make proper change. The delivery fee was 4.50 + Tip. We tipped 3.00, so our total cost was 7.50 for delivery of cold broth and excessive noodles which we had to cook ourselves.\n\nWe attempted to contact Pho Pasteur they did not help remedy the situation."]
["I liked it and think I'm going to bring my parents here since they love soup. I ordered a large beef soup I couldn't finish. I thought i."]
['Winter hotspot for my coworkers and I. Cheap food, BEST PHO ever, and fastest service around. Highly recommended.']
['It\'s a cold December afternoon and I\'m craving for a nice hot, rich bowl of Pho, where do I go? PHO PASTEUR OF COURSE!\n\nWalking in I notice, its cramped, tight, everyone is elbow to elbow with a huge line running out the door almost, waiters and cooks are shouting back and forth and across the room and people sharing tables sitting cramped as if they were sardines in a can.\n\nI thought to myself, "WOW! I\'m in for a treat!" \n\nWaiter said I had to wait a bit to be seated, I didn\'t mind, The smell of fresh cilantro and mint floating all around me, the smell of the the delicious broth wafting before me beckoning me to its tantalizing soup based nectar, I couldn\'t wait!\n\nSat down and ordered their Pho Beef Special, Pho came piping hot with a side of fresh crunchy bean sprouts and aromatic mint and basil leaves.\n\nTender, succulent, thinly sliced beef mixed with the right combination of noodles and vegetables in a hot beefy broth during a cold December afternoon, I was in heaven! Definitely hit the spot and certainly did warm me up.']
["Don't bother ordering anything other than the Pho.  Fast, cheap and you get a HUGE portion for the price."]
['The food and pho is great (best in Boston)!  The only reason for the 4 stars is because of the service, I always tend to feel kind of "in the way" or "an inconvenience" when I am eating here.  The 20+ times I have been here, not once has our drinks come before the food, but for the cheap price tag, not only only the food but drinks, this is my fave place to go to in Chinatown.']
['Simply delicious,  the beef vermicelli, chicken pha, and chicken wings are all delicious!  The prices are more than fair and I will most definitely be returning.  The service is very, very fast. The only reason it gets 4 starts is that the order we received food was odd.  Soup and appetizer were spaced with the meal in the middle, oh well, all great!']
["I've been working in the area for ages and had somehow never been here. Then I finally gave it a shot, and I'm glad I did. Big portions of not-too-greasy lunch options are not always easy to find, and their vegetarian options are definitely myriad. It's a little weird getting pho to go, but you won't regret it. I love the vermicelli options as well. Good stuff."]
["I love pho but I'm not a fan of Pho Pasteur.\n\nI've been here a number of times, maybe 5 or 6 times. It's just okay. The last experience I had at Pho Pasteur was a month or two ago....I was with 3 friends and I had ordered pho with thin slices of beef and tripe. I've gotten this before but this time I was shocked. There was so much cartilage! There were literally chunks and chunks of cartilage as thick as a t-bone floating in my soup. Now, I'm used to a bit of cartilage here and there but really? No one else at my table who ordered pho had any cartilage. I was wondering what the deal was. \n\nService stinks pretty much. Every time that I've been there, I feel like I'm being rushed. I don't receive so much as a hello, waiters have forgotten my water or don't ever give me my mango shake until I ask for it half-way through my meal, etc, etc. \n\nThe overall experience isn't even close to stellar.It's very Chinatown...but a little courtesy every once in a while wouldn't hurt them.  I could forgive crappy service for amazing food but its not even that.  I'm not sure why this place is so popular. I prefer Pho Hoa around the corner."]
["The broth was not so boiling, therefore my beef was still raw when brought out.\nI like the big portion. It makes you feel you're paying a good price for it."]
["Food is always perfect.  Nice, delicious, fresh and most importantly. . Broth is always hot for rare eye round. The only things that I'm  little  diappoint is they always give little  of water with no ice when I ask for ice water.. I eat a lots of spice and of course.. I need ice water!!"]
["Don't go, it was terrible.  We were 8 people, some of us ate Pho, and Hue City Spicy Beef soup.  Cha gio and Goi cuon for apps, Cha gio over cooked and had full taste of beans to mask the dry meat.  Goi cuon is missing all typical ingredients, no sprouts, no mint, no chives and even no meat. Just shrimp shredded iceberg lettuce and a little vermicelli noodle.  We also tried dessert Che Ba Mau (3 color bean and coconut) beans undercooked and way too bland."]
['Nothing better than pho on a cold day and this is the go-to spot for it in Boston.']
["I had the Beef Noodle Soup Pho (#15 on the menu) with extra beef balls along with a taro smoothie.\n\nThe Pho was delicious and definitely hit the spot after a long day of sightseeing. The taro smoothie was a bit thick, but I still liked it.\n\nThe restaurant looks plain, so it's not really a great first-date place. Overall the food is solid and a great place to eat before grabbing a bus in South Station."]
['This place is yummy.  I love the vegetarian soup.  It is so good and spicy.  A small is huge and will fill you up.  \n\nThe service is very prompt.  We always go in a large party, and there is never a problem.']
['The food is decent. The broth is a little too oily and heavy for my tastes. It reminds me of Vegas pho.. eck.\n\nThe service is tolerable. They rush you in, and start cleaning your table before you\'ve even left, which is completely awkward.. \n\nAnd it takes forever to get someone\'s attention.\n\nThis is my "I\'ll-Settle-Because-I-Don\'t-Want-To-Walk-Anymore" pho place.']
['I visited the "upscale" version of Pho when it was in the Transportation Building over 10 years ago (anyone remember that??), but today, I finally hit up the original in Chinatown for lunch.\n\nFirst off, this place is not into ambiance in any way. It\'s about volume. Let\'s get \'em in, get \'em fed and get \'em out! A lot of people fit in this space. They keep a stocked lazy susan on the tables filled with pho spoons, sriachi sauce, chopsticks, soy sauce, soy sauce dishes, etc. \n\nWhile my two coworkers and I were there, I\'m not sure the same person came to our table twice! I counted at least five. They initially brought us a pot of tea and two cups. We asked two different people for a third tea cup and never got it.\n\nOn to the food. We started with two orders of fresh spring rolls: one with chicken and one with pork. These tasted fresh, light and delicious. I ordered the Tofu Vegetable Chowfun dish. It was cooked in a mild sauce that was almost bland, so I kicked it up a bit with some sriachi. One coworker ordered the Chicken Noodle Pho and enjoyed it and the other had Pad Thai and liked that. My entree was HUGE! I felt like I ate a lot and when compared to the dish when it was first placed in front of me, it looked like I\'d barely touched it. I wish that they would have cooked the tofu a more on the grill- it was a bit soft/mushy for my taste.\n\nAt least ten minutes passed between someone taking my plate away and my coworkers and I getting up to leave. I had to ask someone about my leftovers because they never made it back to the table!\n\nOverall, I think you\'re going to Pho for the convenience, the prices and the classic pho. I\'ll probably end up back here for lunch at some point, but I won\'t be clamoring for it.']
['Visiting Boston we went here for lunch food came out pretty fast but service was bad, asked for water and drinks 4 times never got them, got the check pretty quick though felt like we were rushed out the door.']
['Great tasting pho.  So happy to find asian food in Boston area.  Nice size glass of wine too.  Just as good as in Cali where more Asians live']
["Some things here are good, and some are bad. Their vermicelli bowls and their lemongrass chicken are pretty good. Their stir-fried noodles are pretty bad. Last time I went, I had the seafood chow foon, and my gf had the pad thai. The dishes had no flavor! They need to make their sauce more interesting. My gf added sriracha to her dish, and she was happy. On the bright side, my dish was loaded with seafood, and I actually got 2 meals for a dish that cost me $9. They do serve a lot of food for cheap. You just have to find the good dishes. And my gf was very disappointed that they didn't have salted fish fried rice, which they do have at Le's in Harvard Sq.\n\nThey also do make awesome avocado and red bean shakes."]
['There rice was ok. Meat wasn\'t well marinated, didn\'t have much flavor and was not as tender. The "cha" with the rice was bland. The broth was good. Thai tea is good. Service was fast.']
['Cold, dreary, gray, early sunset winters of New England... ugh. It was a sunny warm day fall day today and thinking that winter is coming makes me sad. But then I remember the feeling of eating a piping hot bowl of pho on a cold day. Ahhhh, nothing better! Go heavy on the sriracha sauce for the extra cold days!\n\nWhen in Boston\'s Chinatown on cold days, I go for Pho Pasteur every time. They\'re quick, very good, cheap, and clean. Ok, "clean" might be a stretch in absolute terms, but this is Chinatown after all so it\'s all about managing expectations. \n\nLove this place!']
["Easily the lowest quality and most inauthentic 'Asian' cuisine in Boston. I'll never return. Terrible."]
["B+/A-\n\nGreat pho! \nFast service and nice soup. \n\nWe have a pho place down in NC called Lime &amp; Basil that's almost up to par but not as good as the one here.\n\nI would come back. But there's so many other places in the vicinity that I might wanna try some other place for pho too. \n\nYeah, I agree with the over-hyped part but still nice."]
['If you are looking for a "dining experience" it will fall short - but if you just want pho, it will work.  Definitely don\'t come for the service.  We were vaguely seated, vaguely had our order taken, had food plopped in front of us, and the bill shortly after. \n\nThe person I was with had a seafood pho and finished it very quickly.  I had beef pho (rare beef, well-done brisket).  The beef was certainly rare when it came out, but was cut so thin it was well done by time I finished (I would consider these two aspects to be good things).  The brisket was excellent.  The pile of bean sprouts and basil was much bigger than we could possibly use.\n\nI was vegetarian when I used to live in Boston, but now happily eat meat and sometimes make (Americanized) pho at home.  It is good, simply food and if you are looking for something fancy you are probably doing it wrong.']
["I'd say best pho in the Chinatown area.  The soup is very flavorful.  The restaurant does get very crowded around lunch and dinner time.  The service is always fast.  Good place to go if your looking for a place that will just serve you and get you out the door.  Not the place to be if your looking for a calm and relaxing dinner out."]
["This was my first time eating pho and this place definitely set the bar. On a cold, dreary Boston day  I couldn't imagine a more wonderful thing to eat -- it's like chicken noodle soup with a delightful asian twist.  The portion size absolutely defeated my stomach.\n\nWould come back here in an instant next time I'm in Boston.  The restaurant was very close to the subway exit (could see the stairs from where we were sitting, if memory serves me correctly) and the location was central to some cool Boston landmarks.\n\nAlso, try the shakes!  They were cheap and I took mine to-go despite the aforementioned cold, dreary day."]
['Pho Pasteur is the best Vietnamese place in Boston hands down.  I go there whenever I am in Boston and there are always people there no matter what night you go.  They turn over the tables very quickly since you get your food a few minutes after you order and most people gobble down their pho in minutes.\n\nWhile the Pho is obviously very good, the rice dishes, spring rolls, and bun dishes are tasty as well.  Even the shakes are pretty good and refreshing in the summer time.  The service is what you can expect from most restaurants in Chinatown, but if you crave Vietnamese food like I do, this is the place to go in Boston.']
["Come at the end of lunch rush, freakin madness but it was worth it.  The food was excellent although the service was lacking.  I ended up getting my own water and napkins.  But this isn't the kind of place you go to get pampered, its a place for awesome and fair-priced food in Chinatown.  I would go again but not when it is that crowded."]
["2 stars b/c the food is actually pretty good. If it wasn't for that, I would have given it 1 star. \n\nWhy the low rating? Answer: Poor service. I liken it to a dingleberry ... bad. Just bad.\n\nIf you go here, be prepared to wait forever, and be ignored the entire time. Oh, and be squished against the back wall b/c of how crowded it is."]
["Had a regular pho and the fresh spring rolls. Now, I've tried this same combination a couple of months back and the spring rolls were much better then. Now it just seems like shredded lettuce, a little shrimp and lots of vermicelli. Could have been better."]
['Beef noodle soup - 5 stars, good soup base, generous portion of tender beef, good noodle texture\n\nNot impressed with other dishes (beef skewer, chicken skewer, fresh spring roll, fried spring roll, vietnamese pancake).\n\nThe restaurant is pretty big and spacious.  Bathroom is pretty clean by Chinatown standard.\n\nCome early or you will need to wait on long line.']
["Fast Service. Cheap Price. Delicious cure for a bad hang over. \n\nI went to this place a lot during my years in undergrad. A huge bowl of beef noodle soup is less than 8 bucks! They don't skimp out on any of the meat either, it's a big bowl with a lot of sustenance. \n\nAlso, the jackfruit shake is also very good!"]
["Few things make me happier than a nice bowl of pho. On a recent trip back home to Boston, my sister took me to her favorite pho restaurant, Pho Pasteur in Chinatown. I was not disappointed, in face, I was in heaven. A cold, rainy night with a steaming hot bowl of noodles, beef, herbs and sprouts is a perfect way to spend a night. \nLike most Vietnamese restaurant I frequent, service is not the best, but I've come to expect that. It wasn't bad, mind you, just not super attentive. I started with the beef teriiyaki,  Wonderful! Huge slices of skewered beef perfectly seasoned and grilled. For pho, I chose the brisket with rare steak. Excellent, flavorful broth, tender beef and rice noodles. I suggest getting the small, as it's the perfect size for a meal. The large, don't even think about it unless you brought your horse because it's served in a trough. I loved it here and can't wait to go back again."]
["I had been craving vermicelli noodles for a long time. I always go to pho hoa but I figured that I should try a new place to compare. As soon as I walked into the packed Pho Pasteur I felt like I was cheating on my Pho Hoa. And you know what/... cheaters never win! \n\nI ordered my typical shrimp paste on sugar cane. It was much cheaper here than Pho Hoa- only $7.95. That was really nice on my wallet. I even could afford an iced Vietnamese coffee. The woman at the take out desk/register was efficient and friendly. I left while I waited for my food because the restaurant was packed. I came back and got my food and drink. The iced coffee was so good. It was really refreshing on my walk back to work. \n\nI was feeling happy go lucky with my good coffee and affordable vermicelli... but again cheaters never win. I got back and popped the top off of my Styrofoam container. Ooo surprise I got some grilled shrimp too! Yay. I went for those first because they were not peeled and they would take more time to get through. Ooo wait... they are not deveined!! I like extra shrimp but not ones filled with poop!!! So I move on to my vermicelli. Their fish sauce was not very pungent, which resulted in a boring flavor. The vermicelli was also bland, or it could have been the lacking fish sauce. The shrimp paste on sugarcane was tasty but the overall dish was blah. \n\nAll in all, I'll stick to my usual place but if I want some iced Vietnamese coffee I'll stop by again."]
["This is often my go-to spot after shopping in Chinatown, primarily due to all the space they have in there. I've never had to wait to sit.\n\nI've tried a pretty broad range of their dishes:\n\n-Pho: It's pretty standard broth, but I consider to be slightly above average. Naturally, their XL portion is a good deal. I like to substitute yellow noodles (really Cantonese thin lo-mien). I think it is less filling compared to the clear pho noodles.\n\n-Fried noodles (yellow noodles): generally I've found them to be pretty bland and unremarkable. You can get better fried noodle in Chinese places.\n\n-Fried spring rolls and fresh spring rolls: average.\n\n-Grilled pork w/ rice: SO MUCH MEAT! they are really generous with the portion here and the meat is grilled to perfection.\n\nGenerally I alternate between the pho and the grilled pork. It works out well and the bill generally comes to $9 with tip.\n\nIt's honestly a pretty average place to get pho with the added attractiveness that it's conveniently located in Chinatown and it has so many tables.\n\nFor a tastier (and pricier, by a little bit) meal, head over to Xinh Xinh on the same block, just a few doors away :)"]
['Service was kind of bad &amp; rude - brisket was very fatty. Spring rolls were skimpy but everything else was alright.\n\nThe Pho Hoa in North Quincy will have to be my go to place from now on.']
["We had the spring roll plate where you make your own spring rolls (I don't remember the name).  It was excellent."]
["Pho Pasteur is a Boston staple.  I've been eating here for years. \n\nThe service is brisk and brash.  Interactions with the waitstaff are quick and to the point.  Dishes are practically thrown at you.  Basically, come to PP for the food and not the service.  The food is solid, consistent and delicious.  The Pho Ga, Bun Thit Bo Nuong, Com Ga Xao Ot are all decent although they could step up the lemongrass in the latter."]
['This place it great.  Quality, Cost, Speed, Service.\n\nI had the Vermicelli with lemongrass chicken. I would totally recommend the dish and the restaurant if you like or are interested in vietnamese food.']
["During our weekend trip to Boston we accidentally stumbled upon this place after seeing a movie. We love Vietnamese food and decided it was worth a try. We were also drawn by the large number of people eating there at 8:30 at night.\n\nThe food was good, not great. To be fair, we did not get pho (soup) because we were not in the mood for soup. But almost everyone else was having soup so that was probably the way to go. \n\nThe service was competent, but they are too busy. Ironically, this was probably the best eating experience of our trip and the only place we ate at where the food had any flavor. If I had to rate Boston I would say it is the city where the food has no flavor. \n\nit's located sort of in the Chinatown and Theater district, short walk from a number of subway stops.  \n\nIf we return to Boston I would not search this place out, but if we stumbled upon it again I would not hesitate to return.\n\nBy the way, there are many restaurant awards on the walls, all date from the late 1990s. The latest is 2002. Not sure what that means but it is interesting."]
["If you're looking for quick and easy pho this is the spot. It's good and cheap. The restaurant itself is not the cleanest, but you're not eating off the floor. The service is generally lightning fast, and you can be in and out of there in 20 minutes."]
["They make a decent bowl of pho. The broth isn't as rich as I'd prefer, but it's tasty nonetheless. If you order it with tendon, you will get a lot of tendon! Just saying. They are not quite as generous with the beef and can be plain stingy with tripe. No matter; it'll fill your belly.\n\nNoodle dishes are okay I guess but nothing special as far as I can tell. Vegetarian spring rolls are a bit plain compared to some places', but their peanut sauce is actually pretty good. I do like the fried quails. So tiny. I feel like a giant when I eat them. I'm always looking for ways to feel huger, so this is a plus.\n\nIt's pretty spacious inside, so seating is usually not a problem. Service, as people have stated, can be terrible. Not unfriendly, just slow and inefficient. Obviously it's pretty cheap. \n\nPretty good, but not my favorite pho in the area by any means."]
["Hands down best cheapest dinner EVER!!\n\nSeriously, where else can 2 people split an app and order 2 mains and the bill come to $17???  \n\nWhat to order:\n\nBeef Teriyaki - amazing!  The flavour..I have been known to eat this on the car ride home and not tell my husband I ordered it.  Nothing like seeing a chick in a car ripping about beef on the highway!\n\nChicken Soup - I order the small and it's HUGE.  The broth has great flavour, white meat chicken shredded, rice noodles, thai basil, lime wedges...my mouth is watering.  So filling and good for you....and did I mention cheap.\n\nThis place is always packed and this is the reason.  I only gave 4 stars as I haven't tried anything else on the menu..oh wait yes the chilled shrimp spring rolls and they were great with a peanut dipping sauce.\n\nI only wish this place was in North Quincy rather than Chinatown as my drive would be so much shorter."]
['Be careful if you pay your bill by credit card.  On 7/9/2014, I added $1.5 tip to $10 bill and my credit card transaction was $25 instead of $11.50.  On 8/23/2014, I added $1 tip to $9.60 bill and my credit card transaction was $14.60 instead of $10.60.']
['DELICIOUS chicken noodle soup. The small is HUGE and filled me up with warm goodness for only six dollars. There were big chunks of chicken and plenty of long thin noodles to cure my hunger. Add a little of the hot sauce for a dinner that will warm you up from the cold AND get your sinuses moving. ;) (Lovely, I know)\n\nThe service was attentive. The atmosphere casual.\nI will be back for sure.']
["I'm a bit picky about pho, admittedly, though I try to be forgiving. It's my go-to comfort food. I've had some bad pho in my life, though.\n\nPho Pasteur is good pho.\n\nI went with a couple of friends since we were looking for pho and it was the closest place. It looked busy and we almost skipped it, but we were tired of walking so we opted to wait. Great idea, as they're efficient here. We were seated in about 5 minutes and mostly knew what we wanted (I always go for the pho dac biet, which has the tendon and tripe in it). Our waitress took our order and we waited maybe 15 minutes, and there were 6 of us.\n\nTheir oxtail broth is the second best I've had (the first-place honour goes to Thuan Loi on the Cape) and the soup is loaded with all of the goodies you expect in a big bowl of pho. Their Thai tea is also pretty good, though a bit sweeter than I like. It's cheap, too.\n\nI'd recommend it to anyone who hasn't tried pho, or has and is looking for a solid bowl in Boston."]
['I do love Pho Pasteur, it is the only Vietnamese that has that superior delicious vegan soups,but their service is quite bad.']
["I have probably been to Pho Pasteur at least 20 times.  I am usually willing to put up with the less than stellar service (rude, inattentive) for the cheap, delicious, quick food, but they've officially lost me after this last time.  My fiance and I got to the restaurant around 6, ordered quickly and waited for our food.  His Crispy Lo Mein came out about 5 minutes before my Spicy Beef Lemongrass with Large Vermicelli Soup (a new dish for me), which is not optimal, but acceptable, as I'd rather eat hot food.   At this point I asked the waitress who brought out my soup for water and the check (we were trying to catch a 6:55 movie).   I am a spicy lover, but not when spicy trumps flavor which is what happened here.  It also didn't have much flavor on its own and the large vermicelli were way overcooked and soggy.  \n\nNo water came after several minutes of watching the waitress attend to others and deliver bottled water to the couple next to us.  I finally asked another server for water as my mouth was burning from the soup.  No water came.  My fiance finally went up to the hostess to ask for water and a third waitress brought us water.  Our check never came.  I ended up barely eating my soup and polishing off my fiance's meal (which was just okay, sort of bland).  I've never not left a tip, but after being ignored by our actual waiter and ignored by two other servers, we didn't leave a tip.  Too bad my fiance left his scarf at the table :(.  We didn't feel like going back to retrieve it, nor do I feel like going back to Pho Pasteur to be treated so rudely for mediocre food.  We also missed the movie because by the time we finally got our check, it was sold out :(  I used to rely on Pho Pasteur for cheap, good food, but this time, it was just cheap, mediocre food with the worst service I have received."]
["Better than most pho places, and much better than those in the suburbs, meat is fresh, BEAN SPROUTS are fresh, fried rice is obviously done in a real wok. Had a beef noodle soup, awesome portions, my bf had the seafood-very interesting broth I would definitely recommend this place over other places in chinatown.\n\nonly thing- don't expect exceptional service, just get your good and go! waiters/waitresses not the nicest people, but the food makes up for it."]
['Bleh. Brisket Pho was super fatty...in fact the Brisket was all fat. Service straight up blew. Our waiter was rude, slow and made annoyed faces if we requested something extra. \n\nThis was my second attempt at Boston Pho and my last. Philly Pho is far superior.']
['Speedy gonzales over here!\n\nHighlights:\n-Gigantic bowls (can you even call them bowls? Maybe children\'s bathtubs...) of pho, wonton soup, anything liquid.\n-Cheap (around $3.75/beer, $2.80/milkshake)\n\nLowlights:\n-Giving us the wrong order (not even close) - but no worries, the right dish (if not the correct specifications) came out 20 seconds later... not sure what kind of assembly line goes on back there in the kitchen\n\n-I was carded (per usual) and after pulling my life out of my bag (circus-style) I found my ID and handed it to the waiter, who made a face as if he just saw a pig walk on its hind legs. He continued to make the face, and even opened his mouth a little, and my mom said "she\'s mine, I promise you it\'s real." He finally gave me my ID back and walked away. When he returned with my beer, he couldn\'t help himself: "I thought maybe 18 at most!" Thank you, thank you very much.']
["I would eat here again...umm actually I'd most probably do a take-out! What I really liked about the food here..is that they know how to work the spices - chili flakes/powder etc. are added and cooked with the food..not garnished on top..unlike a lot of other restaurants! \n\nI'm going with 3 stars solely for the food. Service, you ask? the less said the better!"]
['I had the Hue styled noodle soup and my friend had a beef pho. We both left feeling uneasy in our stomach. We are unsure if it was the beef. I would not come back here if I have the option.']
['It was very tasty, and the place was packed. But the wait was pretty long us, but we were a large group. The food came out quickly as well. The service was pretty iffy though.']
['I can  sum up the dining experience here with four words,(and probably some four letter words too, but I\'ll refrain) that are said every 30 seconds from the time you enter, until you actually are....\n\n\n"ARE YOU READY YET?!?!!?!?!??!?!?!?!??!?!??!?!?!?!??!?!?!??!!?!!??!?!?!??!?!?!?"\n\n\nready to order......\n\n\n\nP.s Go to Xinh Xinh next door. There\'s no excuse not to!']
['Quick, cheap and authentic.  This restaurant is a great reason why I enjoy coming into Chinatown even despite the parking hassles.  The food is the only thing that shines here.  I had some vermicelli noodles with pork and eggrolls.  It came out exactly how I wanted.  The noodles were cooked well and there was plenty of crispy and delicious pork pieces with a minimal amount of gristle.  Just the right amount of fish sauce was there.  The eggrolls were crunchy and tasty.  There was plenty to eat on my plate and then some.  At $8, it really hit the spot.']
["Chinatown on the Orange Line!\n\nWhere Miracle of Science is my go-to place for a Burger, Pho Pastuer is my go-to place for a gigantic bowl of delicious Pho Ga (Chicken Noodle Soup, but way better). I get the same large bowl every time, because basically, if I'm gunna go here, it's because I've got a craving for Pho. The meals are cheap, and the service is as good as you can get in the middle of foreign-speaking Chinatown. I appreciate the fact that you're always seated immediately, and once you place your order it's on the table in minutes.\n\nVery Very Very good. Do it up."]
["I grew up in a Vietnamese house hold and was pretty excited when I heard about this place (since vietnamese restaurants are hard to find up here). But after my lunch there I wasn't impressed. Service was pretty bad (though the hostess was nice) and the food was average. With the pho I couldn't taste all the different flavors I'm used to but I guess that's due to all the traffic they receive so they have to cook fast and large amounts. But overall. It was an okay experience."]
["Pho pasteur has one of the best pho in Boston. I think the best dish on their menu is their pho noodle bowls - get the large it's worth it for an extra 50 cents.\n\nTheir service is always extremely fast but not always efficient. The waiters get it wrong every time I try to customize my order, even simply asking for no onions in my soup. The restaurant is not very clean but you can't really expect anything more for a $10 meal plus it's in Chinatown. \n\n4 stars for food and 2 stars for service/atmosphere...overall 3 stars."]
['I wish the pork were less marbly but staff was very, very polite and accommodating an flavor is good! Had the pork vermicelli.']
["Pho Pasteur has the distinguished honor of being the first Vietnamese restaurant I set foot in.  This is were the seed of my love of pho was planted and began to flourish.  Stick with me while a talk about pho first and then I will get on to my latest bowl, this morning at Pho Pasteur.  Please keep in mind I'm a white boy from Idaho and my pho experience is limited but growing.\n\nThere is nothing in the world like pho broth, nothing.  The rich beefy stock with aromatic sweet spice of star anise, cinnamon and others is ambrosia to me.  I know that's a bit romantic and over indulgent but it's just so damn good.  Add the basil, some sriracha, and a drop or two of hoisin, oh, and fish sauce if you like, it makes every inch of my body smile.  No matter how you like it, with raw sirloin, beef tendon, meatballs (a must), or tripe, they only compliment the foundation and that is the broth.\n\nNow, onto Pho Pasteur, since it is the first place I entered the world of pho and vietnamese food, it has a special place in my heart.  It is always busy so I feel comfortable that there is a decent turnover of ingredients which equals fresh.  The atmosphere is very stark and the service is institutional, but I don't go to places like this for impeccable service.  I want a hot, fresh decent bowl of pho quick and that is what you get at Pho Pasteur.  \n\nThe broth is ok.  It's flavorful, seasoned right ( not too salty) but a bit muddy.  I have since had some fantastic pho elsewhere where the broth is rich and full like a good homemade stock should be.  Pho Pasteur's lacks this fullness and so it is just ok.  The vermicelli are tender, the basil and sprouts are quite fresh, and the tray of condiments are what one would expect in a decent Vietnamese Restaurant.\n\nThis is my go to place whenever I have a layover in Boston and judging by the popularity, most people are satisfied."]
["The food is ok.  Sometimes I do feel like the foods are not season well.  The place seems to be packed at night.  Sometimes (most of the time) feeling rush eating the food since there are other customers waiting for the seats.  I am not sure due to the crowd and they don't have enough bowls but everyone ordered large bowls for the food.  We ended up getting different size for the bowls, the price is based on the size of the bowls.  If they don't have enough bowls when ordering large at least don't charge the large size bowls prices.  The customer service is not that great.  Don't expect to come here if you want to ask the waiters/waitress to ask you if you need anything else.  Order, food come out too quick in my opinion sometimes (look like pre-made already), before you finish eating the food someone will come and give you, your bill.   Hint:  time to go."]
['This place definitely lives up to the hype, the food is great, hot, fast and the atmosphere is good as well. We came as a group of 5 and were seated immediately, which was nice. The pre-meal tea was good, and we all got the classic steak and tripe pho (number 12 on the menu I believe) and some of us got summer rolls. The summer rolls were delicious and fresh, and the pho was fantastic. Very fresh tasting, flavorful, and hot as a pistol. It was really quick, too, we had our food less than 10 minutes after ordering. The only downside to the restaurant was the service, which made us feel rushed to leave as soon as we were done. I would definitely go back though, the food is that good.']
['Solid Vietnamese restaurant in the middle of Chinatown in Boston.  Four stars only because while it is good for Boston, not quite five star relative to other Vietnamese places I have been.']
["Recently moved back to Boston from San Francisco where the Pho is amazing anywhere you go.  I've been looking/asking everyone I know where a good place to get Pho and everyone told me to check this place out.  The ambience is cool and reminds me of a place in SF I used to frequent.  The first time I ordered vegetable Pho (I am not a vegetarian just like my veggies- and it was made with chicken broth).  Not what I'm used to and it was somewhat disappointing. Veggies were raw and not cooked all the way thru and the tofu was not fried.\n\nAfter talking to friends about how disappointed I was they said to try the chicken pho.  So I decided to go back during lunch one day.  Definitely go at 1pm during the week because thats when the rush is over.  Although we got there at maybe 1215 and the wait wasn't very long.  I ordered the chicken pho and it was delicious.  I'm glad I made a second trip there and will definitely be going there more often before the warm weather comes around."]
['Four stars for good pho and apps but two stars for aggressive and at times incoherent service averages out to three stars. Perhaps.\n\nThe pho here is decent, very much like what you\'d find at any Vietnamese joint in a major city. The meat is plentiful but not always of the highest quality and occasionally very tough. The chicken curry "pho" leaves a lot to be desired: it is essentially chicken broth with some curry powder dumped in, with very little complexity or spice. I find that at Pho Pasteur, the condiments are your friends and you should use them as a celebutante uses hers: near abusively.\n\nThe appetizers are standard and tasty, the usual array of spring rolls and teriyaki. A "banh xeo," Vietnamese pancake, was really good, a sort of double-fried scallion pie heaped with baby shrimp and tons of mint and served with fish sauce.\n\nThe vermicelli ("bun") dishes are all fairly standard; again, you\'ll want to employ that siracha. A hot pot with sliced pork delivered on its promises of heat. A big clay pot of meat is always welcome but the dish could have used something vegetal to cut through all the fatty unctuousness. Vegetables here can seem stir-fried into oblivion.\n\nIn short, food is standard, not quite to a fault. Better Vietnamese places exist in town but Pho Pasteur will serve you well if you\'re in the Chinatown area, or if you need a pre-Centrefolds nosh (you can see the strip club from the front windows.)\n\nHowever, the service is pretty hostile sometimes. Be ready to order within minutes of being seated, or risk a Category Five death glare. Food comes out fast and hot and is usually right, but tracking down your waiter for a glass of water is as likely as solving the Israeli-Palestinian conflict over your noodles.']
["I frequent this place because it's good and it's also pretty inexpensive. I only ever order their pho so I can't speak to the rest of their menu, but they have quite a selection. I do enjoy getting a bubble tea as my drink, and usually go with either taro or coconut, but they have tons of other flavors as well. I haven't had a bad experience here thus far, but it can get pretty crowded sometimes, so a wait at the door isn't unusual. Other than that though, I am usually seated right away and attended to right after. If you order the pho they will normally bring it out within 5 minutes of ordering it (no joke). All in all, I definitely think this place is worth a try. It's right next to the Chinatown stop on the orange line, so it's also quite convenient.\n\nAs a side note, they do have a vegetarian section on the menu with some intriguing sounding dishes."]
["This place is also pretty standard for pho. It was really busy on a Friday evening when my party of 4 went, so it took a while for us to get seated. It was kind of hard to make conversation since the place was packed and everything was so noisy.\n\nThe waitress thought we were Viet and started talking to us in Viet, calling us to sit at a table. But when we obviously didn't respond, looking much confused, she laughed to herself and began again in English. The waitresses were really busy, so they forgot to give us napkins and utensils. Price-wise, it's standard for pho. Standard quality for pho as well. I'd prefer Pho Lemograss down in Coolidge Corner. \n\nI'd come again to get a cheap meal in chinatown."]
["Love this place for their food, not their horrible service! But I'm Asian so I'm used to poor service in Chinatown... \n\nLet me start off with their service. Horrible most of the time. They'll seat you, take your order and then serve food sporadically. One person will get their entree, wait another five minutes, then another entree will come out. One time my entire table got their food while I am sitting there starving. It turns out they forgot my order so it took over 30 minutes from ordering my food to eating and this is super long for an Asian restaurant! \n\nTheir food is what keeps me coming! Pho is great (although I must admit that Malden's Pho Hoa has them beat!) and their bun bo hue is the best - totally comforting and so spicy that it's a kick in the face!\n\nSo come here and eat hot soup and you'll leave forgetting about their poor service!"]
["Pho Pasteur is my favorite place for Vietnamese noodles. They're the only one, as far as I've found, that does a curry noodle soup and excellently. The store is pretty big, I've never had a long wait for a table, and they do takeout food and drinks (like bubble teas). Highly recommend!"]
['Pho Pasteur is not a bad place to grab a quick bite before heading to see a show or a movie. The menu offers many different options - soups, noodles, rice dishes and many more. Service is fast, food comes out momentarily.\nMe and a friend of mine decided to share an appetizer and choose our own entrees. We shared the Vietnamese pancake. The dish turned to be good and filling. Then I ordered the Seafood Noodle soup and my friend decided on the Chicken Noodle Soup. Both of us really enjoyed our meals, though I thought the portions were humongous and of course i could not finish the whole thing. \nJust to summarize the whole once more - Pho Pasteur is a good and fast joint!']
["A few years ago I was in South-borough, Massachusetts on a business trip and decided to take the T in to Boston.  So here I am wandering around Chinatown aimlessly trying to figure this place out and suddenly I realized that I was really hungry.  Well I had never tried Vietnamese food before, and especially not pho and lo and behold in front of me was Pho Pasteur.\n\nI had no idea what I was getting myself in to. This was the middle of the day and the place was packed.  Good thing too because even though I was deft with a pair of chopsticks I had no idea how to eat this strange soup or how to use that funny spoon, and I especially had no idea what to do with the odd plate of sprouts, little branches with leaves, and the few slices of raw jalapeno peppers on it.  And the bowl my waitress brought out was practically the size of my head!\n\nI watched what the other patrons were doing and, self consciously added my sprouts, tore the leaves in to the soup, swirled the peppers around, added a little of the brown (housin) and red (siracha) sauce and timidly began to eat.\n\nWhoa!  The texture of the rare beef as it cooked in the clear broth with the crunchy sprouts!  The texture and taste of the tripe!  The cooked beef was so flavorful and almost falling apart! That wonderful firm texture and lightly pungent note of the beef balls!  The tendon was so soft I could feel the gelatin melting in my mouth!  The aroma of the basil!  Those noodles!\n\nI was no longer a pho virgin.  I was in love!\n\nIt was so good I had to go back for a second bowl the same day!\n\nSince that day I have had many bowls of pho, and while I can't say this is the very best I've had it's pretty solid.  Next time I find myself in Boston and need my fix there is a good chance you'll find me here leaning over a steaming hot bowl almost bigger than my head."]
["Out of all the places in Chinatown at the moment, this is the best for pho.  \n\nI hate coming here because of their service.  It's usually really bad and nobody really pays attention to you unless you ask for something from someone who isn't your server.  The food service is usually quick and good though.\n\nTheir broth for the pho is the best.  It tastes delicious and they definitely got down the whole pho thing.  It's good portions and good food -- for a great price.\n\nI will come here if I'm starving, but the atmosphere and the service isn't just my favourite.  Good food, bad service."]
['We tried Pho Pasteur on a recent trip to Boston. First thing I noticed: the service was horrible! The waiter refused to bring us water though we asked him more than once, leaving us to ask the other servers for water. Then, after nearly letting us die of thirst, he was extremely impatient and not in the mood for questions about the menu. When the food came, there were a few items missing...turns out he forgot to put the order in.\n\nSpeaking of the food, if it had been good enough for me to declare, "There\'s a party in my mouth!!" then I probably would\'ve been able to forgive the shoddy service but to my disappointment, my chicken vermicelli was plain and bland...they didn\'t even give me the standard fish sauce! The chicken was a little cardboardy, making me question if it was even real, and the only thing I could taste was chili pepper. The pho broth was also watery and didn\'t taste like it should. The one redeeming dish was the summer rolls but I don\'t think anyone could mess those up.\n\nWith so many other pho places in the area, I wouldn\'t recommend Pho Pasteur. Save your money and head to another restaurant down the street.']
["So delicious.  \n\nThe service is a little rushed but I've never had them toss me out for being slow either.  Once you've ordered and have your food, the staff is attentive but not pushy.  \n\nTry the salty lemonade and anything with vermicelli."]
["Went here to grab a quick bite after a doctor's appt. You're immediately given a cup of hot tea (complimentary) and a few seconds after sitting down I was asked if I was ready to order--this place is really fast. I ordered the Pho Ga (basic chicken pho) which came in a matter of minutes (probably ~5 tops). It was salty--but definitely not too salty--with a hint of sweet, especially with the supplied lime squeezed in. As I was finishing off the last drops of the soup, my waiter silently dropped off the check. $10 for a large pho and can of soda, can't complain with that."]
["I'll give Pho Pasteur this: they do NOT skimp on size.\n\nAs far as pho goes - size, form, shape, taste, volume, authenticity...this is as real as it gets in Boston. Unless there is some hole in the wall that I haven't gone to yet, this is it.\n\nSure, I'm not viet. But I went to school in LA, spent a good amount of time in Orange County - and that's where the real stuff is - I'm talking non-english speaking pho restaurants.\n\nI got the number 12 - xtra large beef special noodle bowl. Its the size of a basketball, chock full of noodles, beef, tendon, tripe, low on the veggies. In fact, as we speak I've got a full-on headache from drinking 75% of the soup.\n\nLEGIT."]
['I typically order pho - this joint impressed me! not because of their broth - which was just typical. I usually have my rare steak on the side. This place gave me a good helping unlike other places which is just 4-5 slices. On top of that, they put a couple pieces of lime on top of the steak! What a true Vietnamese joint!\n\nNo fifth star cuz the staff forgot to give us tea. After 10 mins of eating, I had to wave down someone for some water/tea. They were mad busy with the lunch crowd; I forgave them.']
["Good pho. But after reading all the reviews perhaps I expected a bit too much. It's authentic and yummy, but more to the good side than great I would say."]
['The Vietnamese guy with glasses sucks. He has NO class. Terrible service. I found a small bug in my food. Almost puked.  Never coming back here again. Stay away if possible']
['Shame on me for being a hater for so long... I think my resentment may have stemmed from long ago when Le\'s used to be Pho Pasteur and I didn\'t know how to order. I would tend to lean toward the Thai offerings and be completely underwhelmed, not realizing that what I craved was not their version of Thai at all; it was Vietnamese dammit!\n\nToday, I am a very different person and as a result I abandoned all previous notions I held about PP (like the abbrev.). The pho is delicious and very reasonably priced. Tender and flavorful, bright colors and sweetness!  I almost feel as though Hunter S. Thompson died and decided to have a party in my mouth. Before I knew it I awoke on the floor with a big Sh*t-eating grin on my face, dinosaur arms, and curled up in the fetal position. The waitress asked if I needed anything else, to which I replied "a pillow?". Awaking from my coma would prove difficult but as I was carried away, fireman style kicking and crying, by a coworker I realized that I had been harsh in judging this place.\n\nThe reality is that as I sit in cube world writing this very review I think to myself, how can I make up an excuse that will allow me the chance to A) go get some grub so that I may commit gastrocide, and B) still have enough time to go deliver this food baby before anyone notices I\'m gone!']
['I moved away from Boston, but i\'ve been back for a couple weeks and i\'ve been to Pho Pasteur three times already. \nBottom line: It\'s really good and really cheap. It\'s not the "cleanest" place, and the no frills ambiance fits the prices.\nMy favorites are the Seafood Pho, the Fresh Rolls with Pork and Shrimp, and the Vermicelli Noodles with grilled shrimp, pork and egg roll.\nI would give them 5 stars, but last time I went in the fish sauce (for dipping the fresh rolls) smelled like they spilled some very dirty dish water into the batch. I asked about it and they said it was normal (which it wasn\'t. maybe it was just old).']
["I had been on a bus from NYC for six hours, being jerked around in traffic and smelling the lovely contents of the bus toilet for most of the journey. I left the bus completely exhausted, slightly nauseated, yet ravenously hungry. A friend came to pick me up from the bus station, saw the state I was in, and immediately rushed me to Pho Pasteur. \n\nAnd boy, did he get it SPOT on. \n\nDelicious. I LOVE Pho, but I have to say, I'm a total NY snob when it comes to rustic Asian food. And Pho Pasteur, pretty much got it straight on the head. Delicious broth, thinly sliced and slightly rare beef, a plate heaped high of sprouts and leaves and peppers. Mmmmm. And I had a variety of sizes to choose from! Awesome!\n\nService was ehhhhh, but I don't expect more than that at a Chinatown restaurant at 11PM on a Sunday. And it was EXACTLY what I needed. :) I felt it was the homecoming I deserved, and left with a belly full of soup, and a content smile on my face."]
["The way I could best describe Pho Pasteur is to compare it to a Somerville brunch place: it's crazy, it's in and out very quickly, and it's quite good.  \n\nI came by here with the Pho Hos on a medium Thursday.  The place was already hopping when I came in at 12:30, so we grabbed a table quickly.  After ordering, we had our Pho within 5 minutes, an incredible amount of time all things considered.\n\nA few things I noticed: I felt like there was a little bit less chicken in my chicken noodle pho than I prefer, but overall it was some quality pho.  It was warm, delectable, and mixed quite well with the various sauces provided (cock sauce in particular).  Price is comparable to the area, which makes it a decent value as well.\n\nOverall, it's a good lunch spot for people in the general downtown/Chinatown area."]
["My favorite neighborhood haunt. Right near my office and oh so quick, I love a visit to Pho Pasteur. In fact, we haze our new office mates by making them eat their on their first day (an excuse to go there).\n\nAs a veg, huge props to that section of the menu. The Pho is great and I love the Tofu Salad. Get the B8 from the drink menu. Just do it.\n\nOh and don't expect your server to lavish love and praise all over you, I mean, come on. That's not why we go here!"]
['Grilled Chicken is the thing here!\n \n"Pho" Pasteur?  How about "Grilled Chicken" Pasteur?\nOur Boston expert friend took Thompson L. and us here on Sunday.  He told us the pho is good then proceeded to order the Grilled Chicken over Rice.\n \nYes, the pho is good (though they charge an extra $1 for meat balls), but the Grilled Chicken over Rice is levels better, though you might have to wait 25 minutes for it like our friend did.  It is juicy with the skin still on it.  I tried ordering the same dish in NYC Chinatown, but they removed the skin.  It\'s just not the same.']
["Authentic cuisine with amazing prices. Delicious and a huge menu that has you going back over and over again. So-so service but the food is good enough that it doesn't even matter. Good prices as well."]
['This place is my favorite plce in chinatown.  Ive been going here for the past 5 years and food has been consistently good and price has chanegd very litttle. Meal for 2 is about 25 bucks if that depeneds on what you get. I always go here for lunch and I work by the Northe End (that shows you how fast their service is).  Dont expect a service that you would get at a regular restaurant, in its essence Pho Pasteur is "fast" food.  They seat you, they feed you, you pay.  You never wait more than 10 minutes in line (if there is any) or for food.  \n\nYes food may come in at different times only because it depends on how fast they can prepare it.  Pho is done in about 3 minutes because everything is prepped before hand, anything else comes in about 2 minutes after that.  I see people complaining about the service, but when you pay about 7 bux for your main Pho entree....REALLY? come on! plus is excellent and that is the charm of Pho Pasteur.  They\'re fast but they never rush you.  Good food, good price, and good memories of telling stpories of what happened the night before while my friends and I go here to nurse our hangovers. \n\nLOVE this place!']
["Best Vietnamese food you'll find in Boston for sure. But at a price, the service sucks. I mean, really sucks. You have to ask for utensils, glass of water, etc. But overall best vietnamese food - Beef Pho, Beef lomein, spring rolls - all to die for."]
['The spring roll is not favorite but it is very well fried. The portion is huge and i love the pork! I will not order their springroll again but the rest are fine.']
['One MUST have a bowl of Hue City Soup at this Chinatown establishment.  This soup cures a cold, a cold day or a cold demeanor - absolutely THE best oriental vermicelli-based soup in Boston.']
["I'd say this rating is really more of a 3.5 than a 3, but probably not worthy of a 4. \n\nPros:\n- Even though the place was packed when we got here, we were seated almost right away. \n- The vermicelli dish we had was great, and the beef was much better than the equivalent dish at other Vietnamese restaurants I've been to. \n- Fresh rolls are delicious and they have a great peanut-hoisin sauce.\n\nCons\n- Noisy and kind of cramped (though this has to do with the fact that this place is super popular more than anything else)\n- Our main course took a LONG time to come. That might have been a fluke though, cause everyone else around us got their food quickly.\n- Not the picture of cleanliness, as evidenced by the dirty (read: bloody) bandaid on the floor next to our table\n\nOverall, I'd say this place is good if you're looking for inexpensive but authentic Vietnamese.  It's nothing to write home about, but is ,all in all, a good place and I would go back again."]
["Best place for pho hands down! My usual is a small bowl #15 with a side of cooked bean sprouts. Keeps the broth hot when the veggies are precooked =)\n\nService isn't great but every time I do sit down, there's always someone ready to take my order.  It's a longer drive from Brighton to Ctown during lunch time but I manage because they're fast.  Two thumbs up!"]
['My chicken curry soup was full of flavor, but got to be honest, waaaaaaay too much celery. Understand its a basic ingredient in soups, but this was almost curried celery soup. Overall dishes looked good. May just not have been a good choice on my part']
["I have eaten here many, many times, and I believe the food has improved since the last time.  It seems fresher, and more of it (I am thinking of the barbecued pork in the vermicelli).  Service is what you would expect in Chinatown - no small talk, but quick delivery - but you come her for the food and not the smiles.  A great price point, quick meal, and the food can't be beat."]
["We eat at Pho Pasteur once a week or so and it's been consistently tasty at a great price for at least the last year and a half. \n\nThey offer a great variety of rice and noodle dishes and serve it up with Asian efficiency.  No complaints."]
["I have been coming here since I was 12, that's almost 17 years...SEVENTEEN YEARS! This use to be the best restaurant around, I don't know what happened :( \n\nWe walked in around 3 on a Thursday. The lady just pointed at a table and shouted at us to go take a seat. We knew what we wanted so we ordered our food. Everyone gets plate of bean sprouts and mint leaves for soup....we received none. After waiting 10 mins our dinners come, but what about our yummy app of spring rolls? The waiter yelled something and walked away...I decided to dig into my lovely #39 (B B Q pork chop) but I was so sad to realize they no longer gave you the juicy pork chops *bone in*, just cut up pork. Also, it was cold and the rice was mushy. Finally our spring rolls come out and there cold, SOAKED in greasy and soggy...It was pretty disgusting. We waited for our bill, which never came so we just left money on the table and left. \n\nWhat ever happened to the little sweet manager who greeted everyone with a smile when they walked in the door? What ever happened to the waiters who were kind, and didn't swear at you in foreign languages? And most importantly, what ever happened to delicous po?"]
["I'm not vietnamese so I'm not sure how legitimate my review will be to others. That being said I've been to numerous vietnamese restaurants throughout the US and I was sorely disappointed with what I was given here.\n\nI wonder if they sacrifice quality for quantity. I took my friends here who were visiting from out of town. We all love vietnamese. I got my usual which is a pork vermicelli plate. The meat was leathery and seemed as though it had been sitting out/re-cooked for a while. I also got some spring rolls and they were mediocre. My friends didn't think the quality of their dishes was up to par either. Not to mention service was bad also (but that I could handle if only the food had been good!)\n\nOverall, I should have gone to Dorchester."]
["OMG I loved this place the very first time I ate there. \nFast, delicious and CHEAP! Spring rolls and Pho are my favorites. \nThey do not try to entertain you in order to get better tips they just give you your delicious food fast. \nIt's a must in Chinatown!"]
['This place is my go-to. Have eaten here over 100 times. The food never disappoints.   Quick, efficient and tasty.  Ambience is non-existant, and dont expect any sort of explanation of the menu. Its not a place for a totally inexperienced person, because you really need to know your way around a vietnamese menu.  The Pho is amazing,  and the speed at which the food arrives at your table is akin to the speed of light.   Quite possible the cheapest bottle of Sam Adams to be found in the city of boston.']
["The stale smell of perfume trying to mask the stench of old chlorinated mop smell should have been the foreshadowing of what would happen next for me.   Against my better judgment I decided to stay and give Pho Pasteur a chance.  Literally 30 seconds after I placed my ordered of spring rolls and pho, the food came out before I could even check my email on my iPhone.   Not surprisingly the spring rolls were cold and stale.  Who wants to eat cold spring rolls that have been sitting around under a heat lamp?\n\nPho, on the other hand, I can understand if it comes out relatively quickly since it's from premade broth.  The noodles where fine, the broth was ok, not very rich though.  The only plus side was the amount of meat that came with the pho.  It was plentiful and filling.    Overall with all the choices in Boston Chinatown, I would choice another place like Xinh Xinh for better service and fresher food."]
["I wish the floors weren't sticky. I wish the tables weren't sticky. I wish the waiters weren't . . . greasy.\n\nI'd come here more often.\n\nIt's their low prices and quick pho that keep driving me back here. \n\nBut once you've put your spoon and chopsticks down, they rush you out like there's 10,000 people waiting to get in. And for some reason, the waiters/waitresses always forget to make my strawberry milkshake. \n\nAt least they've expanded (somewhat) since the last time I was there . . ."]
['Great Pho and huge portions! Love the chicken broth and beef broth varieties. Noodles are great and can spice up the broth with their great sauces! \n\nAlso some nice crispy spring rolls, yum!']
["I will not be going back here.  The people were rude, they came up to us as soon as we sat down to see if we were ready to order and then came back one min later and then a min after that... way too pushy.  They acted like they were doing us a favor bringing the food out and never came by to see if we needed anything else.\n\nI ordered the Pho Ga its was ok, some of the chicken looked unappitizing and they didn't even serve it with a spoon.  The noodles in my soup were the same noodles that my friend got in her pad thai and her pad thai was super bland.\n\nIts just a really big restaurant and they tried to stick as many tables as possible in there to make as much money as possible."]
['The soup is WARM or BARELY hot.  The service is even colder!!!  The fat lady behind the counter talk real loud in Vietnamese.  The soup also have too much MSG.  Too much MSG is not good for your body FYI!!']
["Good late night-after-club drunk food. That's about it. The tofu pho was tasteless. I have nothing else to say, except it does have fast service."]
["I feel like Pho Pasteur has gone down a lot in terms of quality.  It seems rather inconsistent. I get the same thing every time, though, which is the beef noodle soup.\n\nI used to eat everything, but now I can't stomach any of the meat. It's just so....gristle. I don't possess the chops to knaw my way through the steak. I do like the brisket though. The noodles are still good, but the broth is getting to be rather flavorless. \n\nI may need to find another pho place."]
["I've been here quite a few times now, and my most recent time, about a week ago, wasn't the best experience. Like other reviewers have said, the service isn't up to par at all. A man came over and asked us if we wanted drinks, I ordered a Strawberry shake and my boyfriend ordered a Coconut Shake. We then proceeded to order our meal. I always get #7 - forget what it's called but has beef and shrimp along with small noodles, lettuce, carrots and fish sauce that you put into a rice wrap. You basically make your own dumplings at the table- they give you a hot bowl of water that you dip the rice paper in to get it soft then you add what you want in it. Then I ordered Chicken Lo Mein and my boyfriend got a shrimp dish. Within 10 minutes I'd say we got the #7 and it was yummy just like always, but we wondered where our shakes were. We asked someone and they headed off- don't know where they went. 5 minutes goes by, still no drinks. The same man came back and checked what we wanted again for drinks... at this point I was frustrated and just told them to forget the strawberry shake and that I'd just have a coke. Figured that was easy enough for them! Boyfriends shake came and all it tasted like was a non-alcoholic pina colada- not worth it.\n\nOne of our main meals, the shrimp dish, came while we were making and having our dumplings, so the timing wasn't good at all. Then once we finished the dumplings we had to wait for my lo mein. Nothing was timed well at all! With that said, my lo mein was really good- nice flavor- but I highly recommend you DON'T take it home and eat it as leftovers. I did this and somehow it lost all of its taste. Boyfriend said shrimp dish was good, but I didn't try it.\n\nAll in all, this place DOES have good food, BUT, if you get anything I recommend getting any of the soups... because honestly, how can you screw those up? Also, they're always hot and have fresh veggies. Waiters definitely need to step up their game and care about their customers more! This place is always filled with people anytime that I've gone, but I bet the line would be down the street if service was better."]
["I normally head to this place when i am near chinatown. The items in the Vietnamese specials section of the menu are really good..  Don't like their curry soups as they make it very spicy and it overtakes the other flavors... \nThe service is really quick, just like the others in the area. However they always end up getting wrong orders to the table. So pls check before you start eating!"]
["Not once, but twice have I been here to have the Beef Bowl Pho soup, and twice I've been stricken with the worst intestinal issues after. Why try? Why give them a second chance? Peer pressure I guess. No more. \n\nI should've known, by having now less than four wait staff ask us if we were ready in the span of five minutes after sitting. The bowl my soup came in was dirty. I could feel the grime under my hands. But hot soup would negative any creepy crawlies, right? \n\nNo. I'll never go back here again, and I'll firmly plant my foot into people's faces if they try to steer lunch time here."]
['Photastic! Limeaid, Ordered the Pho with the filet - excellent, satisfying and inexpensive.']
["So this place is kind of a joke. \n\nI have lived in Boston for many years and I have walked by this restaurant always on my way to the Vegan Asian restaurant right next door.  (Buddha's Delight, then Happy Buddha and now My thai Vegan cafe).  I have never had the need to go in here because being a Vegetarian, the Vegan place next door has always been pretty satisfying both to my wallet and my stomach.\n\nSo tonight w/ a few friends (who are NOT vegan - at all...) decided to go in here. It is always crowded and hence, we thought should be a decent place.  When we walked in, the guy wanted to seat us next to the door, so (given that is January and it's fucking cold) I asked, can we sit away from the door.  He takes us to the back of the restaurant to a table next to the bathroom (even though there are other 4 tops open) and throws the menus on the table and walks away. SERIOUSLY.\n\nWe order.  The food comes one by one... we all have to wait 5 minutes for each person's entree to arrive (they just send 'em out as they make 'em? Ok, whatever.)  They never come in to check how its going.  I had to flag the guy down for water.  \n\nAnd as we were still eating and talking, the guy just came by and dropped the bill.  They never even ONCE asked if everything was alright.  \n\nI mean yeah the place is cheap (in price) and food is half way decent... but OH MY GOD... are you F-ing kidding me? \n\nWe paid the bill, I tipped well because its like against my religion to tip badly. And we left. \n\nI highly doubt I am going back here. Pho &amp; I has better options and they've really spoiled me."]
['I love you Pho Pasteur.  I really do.\n\nAfter trying several Pho places around Boston, I finally found The One.  The One who has Pho that is savory, not too greasy, and fresh.  And they serve "33" Beer, my personal fave to drink with Vietnamese dishes.  This is now my go-to place for good beef rice noodle soup.']
["I've been coming here throughout my high school career, and this place is famous for its Pho. I have to agree that their Pho is pretty good since I always get the X-Larger with everything. The portions are generous and the dish is good. I don't really come here for anything else because I just don't think their other dishes are any special compared to the other restaurants around the area. \n\nIt is good that they expanded because of popularity it's getting. However at times I still feel that it's a bit too cramped. I would have given this restaurant more stars if the atmosphere was better, especially the sticky tables at times and the dirty floors. Seriously, if they invested more into design and the overall cleanliness, then it would be so much better.\n\nHopefully they can expand even more, however looking at it now, I doubt there's anymore room to expand."]
['my father took our family here when i was 10  years old and i never stopped coming back! its just very crowded and no wait area.\n\npho is best!!!']
["I love, love, love Pho!\n\nThey have awesome fresh rolls and every winter when I'm feeling under the weather, I stop in for a nice bowl of Pho. \n\nThey also have a drink where they crack open a baby coconut into cold iced water. It is perfect in the summer. Or if you want to go the fattening route, their avocado shakes are unbelievable. \n\nThe service is pretty awful but it is definitely worth it. Plus the place smells like fresh herbs and siracha, and I love it."]
["The food gets four stars, the service gets zero.  \n\nI assume the owner/manager was our waiter, because he was dressed up moreso than anyone else.  He took a while to take our orders, which included a bottle of wine.  He opened it for us, and poured cork bits into my glass.  Didn't say anything, just waited to see if we'd complain.  When we said it was fine, he walks away to talk on his cell phone.  \n\nFood was fine.  I finished about half my plate, and we sat a while for someone to come take it.  A random waitress walked by and took my plate without asking if I was done, or wanted any of it to go.  Also, our table was next to a room divider.  While finishing our wine, I look to my left to see the manager guys face literally a foot away from mine, staring at (or past) us.  My startled jump didn't make him feel the need to move, despite how uncomfortable it was.  Thus, our trip ended."]
["Their  XL noodle soup just went up in price to $9.00 from $8.00!  I don't mind the price but they changed everything! The broth is not the same anymore, it is like a bowl of salt water.  It is so salty that even the noodle end up been too salty.  They throw in the cheapest, toughest part of the beef instead of the regular beef that came with the soup.  They were so tough that I ended up only eating the noodles with bean sprouts. Seems like they were running out of bean sprouts and noodles, I noticed that they were shrinking with each order for the past few months. Trying to sell a soup for $9.00 in Chinatown like that?  I can have better food next door.  There're plenty of pho around and I will never come back to this one!!  I would give it no star if I could, but I'll be nice and let you have a star this time.  Don't try to skimp on ingredients!"]
["Inexpensive, fast and tasty. An excellent lunch spot. For $8 you can get a large plate of noodles or pho dish with plenty to save for another meal. Service is usually pretty speedy and 4 or fewer are often seated within minutes even on the busiest afternoon. No frills dining at it's best."]
["This place is pretty good. It serves pretty authentic Vietnamese food. They serve is really quickly too. I've been there multiple times and I'm stunned at how fast you get your dishes. Usually within 5 minutes, regardless of what you ordered. I have no idea how they pull that off. \n\nThe food is spicy, savory, tasty, and also very cheap! It's almost a steal. The place seats quite a few people but unfortunately is often packed so it's not always easy to get a table when you arrive. You might have to wait. \n\nThe service is pretty good although I have one thing that I must mention, which is keeping me away from the five stars. Multiple times I've made it clear that I have a low tolerance for spicy food and was told that they would tune the heat down in their dishes and didn't. I still ate it because it was good but I honestly had wished that done a better job at keeping it under control. Their dishes can get pretty hot so beware of that.\n\nTheir appetizers are very good, especially the egg and spring rolls which I order every time I'm there and they also have very good pho and the portions are generous."]
["Of all the restaurants in Chinatown: this one most closely represents what the Boston-Chinatown experience is like - and that can be both a good and bad thing.\n-\nThis is the place in Chinatown I find myself going to the most.  I usually get the fried chicken or pork cutlet - with vegetables and/or noodles/rice.  It's all I ever get here.  Seating is completely cramped - as you are shoulder-to-shoulder with the other patrons, unless you are lucky enough to get a table along the perimeter of the establishment.  Service has never been BAD for me here, inconsistent, yes - again, part of the Boston-Chinatown bit!\n-\nAs a final note - I feel less skeeved out eating here than at any other place in Chinatown, if that tells you anything..."]
['pretty good food i thought . and i liked a sweet and sour pork dish with tomatoe soup it was pretty good. nothings perfect in chinatown or anywhere in boston but one thing i did like our waiter mark was a nice guy me and my wife thought he was friendly and the other staff']
["The food was decent, service was terrible.  We got there early on a Thursday to beat the crowd.  When we sat, they rushed us for our order.  Our apps came out in literally 2 minutes.  A few minutes later half of our dinners arrived, while we waited for the other half for about 10 minutes.  It was strange.  It got a bit busy all at once, and they just couldn't seem to handle it.  \n\nI would not go back, it's not worth the hassle for food that wasn't exceptional."]
["Ginormous bowls of hot and tasty pho with fresh sprouts, basil, rice noodles, scallions, cilantro and lime. So good and affordable. I got the rare steak in my pho and it was really tasty- I love the broth. \n\nThe chow foon was also very good- the noodles were cooked perfectly and the sauce was flavorful. \n\nThe interior isn't anything special but it's clean. The food comes very quickly. The waitress wasn't all that attentive but it wasn't a big deal to me as I had everything I needed."]
["This was one of my first tastes of good Vietnamese food and remains one of my favorite spots. All dishes I've tried are delicious and compare favorably with food in Vietnam, though I would particularly recommend the spicy bun bo hue. Vietnamese coffee (hot or iced) with condensed milk is also a personal favorite. Prices are quite reasonable (most entrees under $10), though perhaps slightly higher than other Chinatown standards. Service and atmosphere are efficient and acceptable, but nothing to write home about. Great place for a simple, delicious bowl of pho."]
["I had heard nothing but great things about Pho Pasteur, so when I noticed it had made its way onto my Foodler delivery list, I let out a little squeal and ordered way too much food.  I didn't care, though;  I love Vietnamese food, I had been craving some pho for awhile, and how could I go wrong with the so-hailed Best Place Ever?\n\nTwo hours later, my food finally arrived (serves me right for doing the delivery - bad, bad girl!) and the soup was surprisingly just slightly lukewarm.... and I was psyched that I had quite a large portion of everything, but I was not really impressed by the seafood ingredients I'd ordered.    As much as I love a great broth, I have to love the ingredients, else it's just a waste.\n\nMy spring rolls were fabulous, though, so I decided that it was time to stop ordering my food through a service and actually go on over there and give it the real try.\n\nWow, I almost wished that I had stuck to the loooong delivery option because I felt like I must have upset someone by just showing up to eat their food that day.  My service was decent at best and my food was not great.  It was a huge disappointment.\n\nNot sure what I'm going to do from here.  I think it's just a hit or miss type of place, and at least when I had it delivered, I didn't have to feel uncomfortable when the service was not great.   I'll return, but with caution."]
["A very underrated restaurant...in fact, I consider it a Boston institution.  \n\nIt may not be the absolute best place for Pho (and other Vietnamese dishes) but it is really good and has brought Pho to the masses.  Its sort of is to Vietnamese cuisine what Thomas Friedman is to political science (http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/b/b9/Thomas_Friedman_2005_%284%29.jpg). \n\nOh and I can't get enough of their Jackfruit shakes.  Delicious!!"]
['Food was decent but Service was Horrendous. They seemed to be mad that we had to take our time with the menu. Could not get more than one napkin. Water was never refilled. The staff seemed downright rude. Will not be back. Could be cleaner']
["The place is cleaner than most other restaurants around and the service is also above average. The food can be considered decent, but not the best Vietnamese around. Go there if you have a crowd though as they have more space. If you expect the best Vietnamese food in Boston, this isn't your spot."]
['Great place for a quick, cheap meal in Chinatown. My brother and I, along with his toddler son, got a table right away during prime dinner time on a Saturday, even when other restaurants were full. The Pho was delicious. I got the chicken curry soup and my brother got the regular chicken pho. I would definitely recommend this popular spot!']
['There are better Vietnamese restaurants out there, service was mehh! my friend and I ordered Pho and guess what!? it came with a hair! They "gave" us a "new" plate, I guess.']
["I finally understand pho!  I like the fresh greens and sprouts you can put in the soup as it marinates and gets nice and supple.  That sounds weird.  But anyway, Pho Pasteur is nice and definitely hits the spot, pho-wise.  I haven't tried anything."]
["Do not go for the service.  We were asked 4 times in 10 minutes by 3 different people if I was ready to order, our food was plunked on the table without regard as to whom got what, 3 tables around us had to raise their voice for the staff to take their checks.  As for the food, really good : ) I'll be back"]
["I don't spend much time in Boston and was excited to find an authentic Vietnamese restaurant, as their food is so light and they use lots of fresh vegetables. The spring rolls were fabulous, and the rest of our lunch was very good - a duck dish and a vegetable dish. However, I was bothered while balancing my checkbook (yup, I know it's old fashioned but this is a perfect example why it's a good idea...) to find that they charged me $3.5 More than what I authorized. I gave more than 15% tip, which I thought was good since I only saw our waitperson 1x during our meal. My writing was very clear so no chance it was a goof. When I called today and spoke to Mark Pham, assistance manager, he insisted unless I drive into Boston to clear it up they wouldn't do anything. However, when I told him what they had done was credit card fraud and would be contacting the Attorney General's office, he told me they could send a check for the $3.5. He called back to say the manager was away on vacation until next week. I told him I would be willing to wait. So I'll wait to see if they follow through. This is not the first time I've come across a restaurant fudging with the tip amount. It's up to patrons to make sure they're getting charged the correct amount. Very sad I needed to mention the AG's office to get a proper response - should not be the way with a good restaurant. I wonder how often they do this??"]
["Satisfies your pho craving. Service is pretty average. Lots of people on a Saturday night. Street parking ridiculously hard to find. I eventually settled for the parking garage that charged $15 for Saturday night (over 1 hr parking). Large bowl of pho for $6.75! \n\nIt's in Chinatown so don't expect any fancy kind of interior. It's a loud, crowded, and cheap downtown-y restaurant. Great place for groups!"]
["So THIS is what Pho is! \nI am highly considering filling my bathtub with it and swimming my way right into heaven. I.Love.It.Here. The staff is friendly and very patient if you don't know what you want right away. I get spring rolls and a huge steaming bowl of the chicken pho, a.k.a. a bowl of heaven. The flavor is deep and delicious. The first time I ordered I learned the hard way that the gigantic size bowl might be a bit large. Great for groups and a quiet laid back quick supper. I would take every one of my friends here.\n\nI highly recommend coming here! Today! Now! Rain or shine, snow or sleet!"]
["Ever since the other Pho place in Chinatown was shut down due to some health issues, I've been coming here. \nThis place is ok. There isn't too many good Pho places in the Boston area that is no frill and cheap so this is the best I've got. \nBack in Cali, a bowl of Pho is on average 1-2 dollar cheaper and taste much better- but what can I do. Hey at least its worthy of 3 stars.\nOk, so I've also noticed that this place is kind of cheap. They don't give alot of noodles but just the other day when I went, and oh just so happen that the other Pho two doors down reopened, the same sized Pho suddenly has more noodles. Shady Shady!"]
["After trying many different restaurants in Boston's Chinatown, this place has the best Pho so far. Really great portion size and very reasonable prices."]
["I have to give Pho Pasteur a low rating because I didn't like what I ordered.  Is that wrong?  \n\nSo I like Vietnamese food, but usually stick to the basics.  Your buns, your plain phos, etc.  But I went for it this time.  I ordered one of the big mama phos, with tripe and tendon.  Why you ask?  Because I'm fearless like Taylor Swift.  I embrace other cultures and I will eat their food and show it who's boss.  Not this time.  \n\nBut my spring rolls were good and the service was good and the prices were good.  So this review should probably have a higher rating.  But it doesn't.  Because life is not fair."]
["Pho Pasteur is growing on me\n\nif you have traveling to vietnam you must have gotten hooked on pho.  it is a clear broth soup which can include anything from chicken, beef tripe or seafood.  the broth is the base and is critical to a great pho.\npho pasteur's base is good, not great.  but the fresh meat and vegetables used to make the rest of the soup puts it over on the win column.  \nwhat i am growing to love about pp is that it is so casual and so authentic.  probably half of the folks in pp look like they really know pho.  there is a hustle and bustle about pp and it gives you this feeling of being somewhere other than boston.  \nso pho pasteur is fast, a relatively good value and it tastes good.  \nenjoy!"]
["If you want some legit Vietnamese pho, this place is one of the few spots on the north east that can give you an incredible meal.  Don't let the decor steer you away from the mindblowing beef pho.  Thin slices of rare meat in a light and flavorful broth.  Fast turnover for lunch or dinner.  Best comfort food option in china town."]
['I would have given 5 stars based upon the food alone, but the service was pretty bad. The food came out super fast, but getting our order taken and getting the check was difficult. Holy crap, though, the food was phenomenal. Totally going back.']
["Yum!  Boston Chinatown is pretty big and finding a good place to eat can be a daunting task.  Pho Pasteur makes it easy for me though... the line out the door is a pretty good indication of the quality of food they serve.  Phobulous Pho.. delish spring rolls and my former Bostonian friend ordered the Chicken thigh on rice (skin intact!!!!) which was mind blowing.  I'll throw in some NY trash talk and say I've had better in NY... but to be fair.. not that much better."]
["I always feel like no one can match Mama Thikeo's delicious beef Pho.  Being a college student away from home usually means missing Mama's cooking every now and then.  Since freshmen year, I've been on the hunt to find the perfect beef Pho substitute. \n\nSo without further adieu, Pho Pasteur is one of my favorite beef Pho places hands down. Not too crazy about their chicken pho or rice plates though. The staff also works in a very fast pace so their customer service experience can be a bit tricky to measure.  \n\nThere are however, no tricks when it comes to pricing! The price for a extra large bowl of beef pho is $7. No, it's not a cheap marketing ploy, the extra large is indeed a very large bowl. \n\nAdd $3 to a nice cup of Jackfruit Bubble tea and you got yourself the perfect College dinner - cheap, fast, and tasty. \n\n\nI've also heard that beef pho is the perfect cure for a hangover so I make occasional trips to Pho Pasteur every sunday afternoon. Not sure if the hangover cure myth is true, but I feel satisfied every time I walk out of that place."]
["I haven't reviewed Pho Pasteur? FAIL! This was where I first savored the multi-dimensional cuisine that is Vietnamese. I remember it like it was yesterday. I first tried some crispy noodle chicken veggie dish that I ate for 3 days. It was so good and so much food I savored every bite. I kind of want some now! \n\nThe service has always been polite but never a standout. The place is frequently busy and one night they even ran out of soup! \n\nAll in all the food is ok. Again, not standout in this area but definitely a comfortable mainstay."]
['Most authentic vietnamese restaurant I have eaten on the East Coast.  This place does Pho the same way they do it back home in Oakland, California.  The Tai (Beef) is served raw and fresh, the soup is served HOT and full of MSG - I carried it out to my hotel and went to CVS and it was still hot enough to cook the Tai when I got to the hotel.\n\nIf you are in Boston, you have to check this place out.  Order a cafe sua da (vietnamese iced coffee) - those things are strong and you will be more wired than 3 cups of Starbucks.']
['Very busy but organized chaos. I was seeking a table for one and they offered a shared table (which was fine by me). The Pho was delicious. The broth was better than most places I have tried. Very beefy and rich; somewhat subdued spices. Highly recommended for Pho.']
["I give this place a big so so.  starchy gloppy sauces, spaghetti for lo mein.  good spring rolls but very starchy peanut sauce.   With the variety in this area I won't return."]
['Damn this place. The clear noodle soup is usually good here than my regular haunt, so I decided to do the unthinkable and forgo the regular and come to this place. Damn was I punished. Let\'s list the bad experience.\n\n* Server plops out menu on the table and then points to us and to the chair and goes "go sit over there!"\n\n* After we just sat down and he brings us our lukewarm teapot, he asks us what do we want and was annoyed by the fact that we needed another minute.\n\n*comes back in exactly one minute and after we spouted out what we wanted, he grabs our menu before we can order our drinks.\n\n* I had to ask for water three times\n\n* halfway through our meal, our check was also plopped down on our table\n\n* We had not one, but two waiters literally hovering over us to finish our soup\n\n* Apparently, getting change back is not an option either, I had to ask for my change and was given a disgusted look. There\'s goes your tip!\n\nOverall, yeah, you may have good soup, but you know what, I think I\'ll take my business elsewhere.']
["I was disappointed with this place. I ordered the Pho Tai and the spring rolls, and was not impressed. The spring rolls were okay--a little bland. The Pho Tai was sub-par. I've had plenty of pho in California, and this did not match up in the slightest. \n\nI would not suggest this place to anyone. This place is totally overrated. I'm not sure why the lunch crowds hit this place up. Probably because there's nothing else around."]
["We were cold and it was raining so pho was what we were craving! \n\nFirst we ordered an appetizer of fried spring rolls. They were perfectly crispy. For my meal I had a nice big bowl of pho loaded with rare steak, brisket, tripe, and tendon.  The broth was tastier than at Pho Boston.  I didn't like how the tendon was cut in huge chunks.  My husband had the rare steak pho with yellow noodles.  He loved it!  The salty limeade soda was sooooo good.\n\nThe waitress was funny and joked around with us.  I did not feel rushed at all.  \n\n A guy sitting at the table next to us commented how he just got out of jail and he was happy to eat pho."]
["I'm from Cali, and it was freakin' freezing in your lovely city.\n\nSo, I yelped and came across this wonderful warm place!  East to get to from the T, it is hard to miss.\n\nI had the XL chicken bowl (for $8!), and every noodle, chicken, cilantro, and soup was well worth the trek through 2 blocks of freezing weather.\n\nI highly recommend it!  There may be other places that locals can speak to, but as a visitor from Southern California, now living in Northern Cali, I know a bit about Asian food.  And Pho Pasteur hit the spot!"]
["My experience with pho is limited to say the least, but Pho Pasteur's is likely the best I've had. You place your order and it comes out piping hot in a matter of minutes. For the price, you just can't beat it. Don't bother with anything that's not a soup-based noodle dish, though. You'll only be disappointed."]
["While a giant steaming bowl of soup is exactly what the soul needs on an already blistery cold October day, the service here is only acceptable at a Jersey diner at 3AM when one has no intention of actually ordering anything. \n\nThis was my first time here, I'm sorry I didn't enter with my food picked out. I'm sorry I couldn't decide in three minutes either. But the death stares kept me from ordering water after I got my food even though I desperately needed it. \n\nAlso, while the broth and noodles were delicious, the meat was uncomfortably fatty. Kinda like me :("]
["I used to love this place. Now, not so much. I'm not sure why though. I still love the fresh spring rolls, and they used to make my favorite Pad Thai. But the chicken noodle soup I had the other day was a bit bland, even after I added spices!"]
['This place was ok to. The service was so so the food was average compare to the other Vietnamese Resturant I have tried.']
['Yum! I have yet to try their pho but have been very happy with the tofu with greenbeans and the tofu chow foon. The food is tasty, prices are reasonable and the service is quick whether dining in or taking out.']
["Good food, but your clothes will REEK of onions or scallions when you get home.  Wait staff couldn't be any ruder or less helpful.  Awful.  It's like they are doing you a favor coming back to check on you or refresh your beverage.  But I still keep coming back cuz of the spring rolls with peanut sauce and the pork vermicelli.  You can eat like a champ for $16."]
['Probably one of the worst pho place around, I expected so much more from this place since it is in the Downtown area and will try hard to attract tourist and international customers, I was wrong. Truly not worth the trip because any pho place in Dorchester (even the worst) would be better than this place. Idk what they do to the broth, but it tastes NOTHING like pho. Very ironic when a restuarant has the word "pho" in it, but is terrible at it. As all pho experts know, the broth is the most important part of the pho (it\'s a game changer). In addition, I don\'t like to complain about the service because it\'s freaking Chinatown, but I just despise that girl at the front desk so much. Her "idgaf" mode will piss you off like no other. I was about to flip a table! lol Anyways, avoid this place at all cost. There are an abundant amount of pho restuarants around Dorchester, why bother taking a trip to Downtown where parking takes an hour to find?']
['So this is a staple place for me for vietnamese food.  My med school was right around the corner from here and I spent many a study break in here.  The service is fast and the dishes are reasonably priced.']
["Having had pho from several places in Boston, I can say that Pho Pasteur is one of the best in town.  I can't even count how many times I've been here, both on those rough weekend mornings and also just when I want a big bowl of love...I almost feel like the staff recognize me sometimes.  Better than Pho Hoa and Pho Lemongrass for sure, tied or a hair short of Pho Viets @ Super 88.  Broth is flavorful and they are generous with the noodles and meat.  I've also had the different bun options several times, great options for a lighter refreshing meal during warm weather.  Service is standard for Chinatown, so there are no great expectations, staff are cheerful and accommodating.  Solid place to grab a quick, cheap, tasty meal."]
['I have never been anywhere where the service was so fast and so cheap and at the same time so delicious! Warning: the x-tra large soup is VERY LARGE, enough to feed 2-3 people but you can probably finish it on your own if you are a pho fan. I will definitely return to this place again and again.']
['It was a cold day in Boston the other day and neither of else felt like cooking.  Immediate consensus: let\'s go for pho.\n\nFeeling like we deserved a little treat we got beer, wine, an appetizer (fresh spring rolls), and pho. Only $30 (including tip) we were happily fed and left with our left overs.  When we just get pho we have racked up a serious $18 (again, with tip) bill.  Phenomenal for those cold nights where you don\'t want to feel guilty about not cooking...\n\nThe appetizer was "meh" at best, but we\'ve been spoiled in the past (it might just be worth it to go to Providence just for Apsara\'s nim chow....)\nPho is my favorite in Chinatown so far.  I have a weakness for curry pho. I\'ve had chicken and tofu/veggie here.  It is absolutely phenomenal.  The boy orders something different every time and always raves.']
["Delicious Vietnamese food in China Town.  We had eight people and tried nearly every type of dish; all spiced really well, extremely fresh with large portions.  \n\nService is insane and fast - you get the food when it is ready; whether everyone else's meal at your table is ready or not.  Many people bustling around like they're in a race.   Staff is knowledgeable and friendly but short - no time for chit chat.  \n\nOverall, excellent food, fast service, great prices."]
["I go here everyday Tuesday night after my Chinese class in Chinatown. The food is really good and fairly cheap. My only gripe with them is that the servers always seem bored and yesterday when I ordered the #99 they didn't ask me if I wanted a small or large so they just gave me a large. I guess it's my fault for not specifying, but I kind of think it would be nice if they made sure your order came out right. I also asked for vermicelli on the side and got a plate of rice. I would recommend this place for for soups, which are guaranteed to warm you up."]
["Okay, this place can be a little tricky. The main chef here is fabulous. I go there 1-2 times a week and the amazing food is usually SO worth the bad service. The food tastes so amazingly good. Sometimes though, especially late at night, the food tastes NOTHING like it usually does and I suspect it is because the main chef isn't there. On these off nights, the food tastes noticeably different, it is wayy too salty and lacking in flavor, even the spring rolls aren't cut all the way through. I now try to go only during the day to stay on the safe side!"]
["Hot, tasty pho!\n\nWe had chicken pho and seafood pho both with equally great tasting broths and plenty of the usual fixings. Pho Pastuer is incredibly reasonably priced and has pretty quick turnaround service for takeout. \n\nI'm looking forward to dining in next time."]
['Pho is decent, but the other dishes are all a disappointment. Much better options around the corner from this place.']
['the food here is OK.  Decent Pho.  Nothing too special.']
["It was a mistake that I didn't order pho in a Pho restaurant. I ordered my favorite vietnamese noodles bowl, Hu Tieu Kho. It was edible. The noodles were sticky and the sauce for the noodles was soy sauce, a sign of a lazy chef."]
["One of my standard go-tos. I barely get anything other than the bun (vermicelli) with pork and a shake (I like the mango or jackfruit best), but that's just fine with me because it is a bowl of delicious goodness that not only is wicked cheap, delicious, and filling, but sometimes (depending on how hungry I am and/or if I split an app with someone) leaves me with extra for lunch the next day! The veggies and noodles are fresh, the fish sauce is salty excellence, and the pork... drool. It's the kind of pork that's marinated(?) and sliced thin but still has lots of fatty goodness on it, and it is the perfect compliment to the rest of the bun bowl. Mmmm I'm salivating right now just thinking about it... All for like, $7 + $3 for the shake, you just can't go wrong."]
["This was my first experience with Pho.  The portions were big and the prices small.  I went with a large group and while the place was crowded there wasn't really a wait.  It seems that this place is always full.\n\nI really loved the food, there was a good selection and everything at the table looked so good.  Of course my food was the last to arrive so I'm pretty sure I had a big drool spot on the table."]
['The best chicken noodle soup anywhere. Service is fast but sometimes too fast. Feels like you are rushed to finish eating. I will always come back for the chicken noodle soup.']
["I've been here several times so far and, all in all, it's a very mediocre Pho restaurant.  The pho gets by okay (though the broth is on the bland side), stir-fried dishes are average, and the Bun Bo Hue is terrible.  As for the service, it's extremely spotty especially if you have a decent-sized party.  The last time I was there with eight others, they bumbled around trying to get the orders right and took far too long to refill our tea.  Do yourself a favor and go to Xinh Xinh, Pho Hoa, etc. if you're craving pho."]
['Stopped in for lunch After a day of Christmas shopping downtown and always enjoy the food here.  There prices are a little lower than the competing pho places inhale are and I think they make the best bowl anywhere.  Had the small bowl of pho tai and the crispy fried pork spring rolls for the app....super good!  The best place in Chinatown for a hot bowl of soup on a cold boston day!']
["I'm surprised that this place only gets 3.5 stars. This is hands down the best bowl of Pho in the city. I also appreciate how they have the hot peppers right at your table. At other Pho places you have to ask for them, and because I'm a gringo they usually only give me one or two. I noticed some of the poor reviews were due to the service, which is unfair, it's not TGIF Fridays."]
['This is my favorite place to get Asian food in the city.  Vermacelli bowls are fantastic!']
["My mom, sister, and I returned to Pho Pasteur last night for an early dinner around 5pm.  We were grabbing a quick, yet delicious dinner before seeing Broadway's The Lion King at the Opera House.  It is so close to Downtown Crossing, that it wasn't a trek from the restaurant to get to the theatre!  \n\nThe restaurant was not busy when we got there, about 5-6 small parties dining.  We were seated immediately, but our server didn't acknowledge us for 5 minutes!  After our spitfire ordering, we were served our meal after a short wait.  My sister and mom shared the shrimp pad thai and quail appetizer, while I devoured my chicken curry vermicelli soup.  Their shrimp pad thai looked good, with a decent share of jumbo shrimp put into the mix.  My soup was humungous, and I was surprised at it's size considering the low price of $7.50!  The soup came with egg noodles and vegetables as well as the curry flavor and chicken.  I have been craving curry for the past week, and this soup satisfied it; however, I almost wanted more spice added to it-- not as hot as I'd like it!  My sister and mom enjoyed their meal, especially with the extra peanuts given to them upon request.  \n\nOur server didn't return for the rest of the meal; luckily, we didn't need additional things for our meal!  I enjoy the food at Pho Pasteur, but the service needs work...they are no-nonsense and not very friendly!  I will be back, though, if I'm in the area.  I've had a couple varieties of their beef-broth pho during previous vists, and those are quite good."]
["Ok place for Vietnamese food and cheap too! Don't expect this place to go above and beyond but you will be content if you like to try new things or am a fan of Vietnamese food. My favorite dish is the vermicelli."]
["We had over an hour before our play, were seated instantly, gave our order AND THEN WAITED OVER A HALF HOUR while others were seated and served after us.  No one speaks any English, so grabbing 3 different waiters just resulted in nods and smiles, but no food.  Finally complained at the bar, then got vermicelli beef quickly and seafood pho in 10 minutes.  Which we didn't have time to eat, so it kind of doesn't matter if it tasted good."]
["It's terrific. It's friendly. The food is tasty. \n\nI am in love with this place. It's a reason for me to miss the Boston area.\n\nIt's worth patronizing. ZERO complaints here, it's a winner!\n\n:-)"]
["Pho Failure\n\nAfter eating all the fresh seafood in Boston, I was craving some good, decent Asian food.  We were referred here by a Boston local and he said this IS THE PLACE....NOT!  I totally disagree!  \n\nIt's conveniently located a block away from the subway station.  As we got seated, the waitress took our order.  I wanted Pho Tai while my brother and mom ordered Pho Tai Nam Bo Vien.  My brother asked to not have any green or white onions in his bowl.  Since it was super humid outside, I chose ice tea (tea + ice) and my brother opted for lemon soda.  \n\nOur orders came pretty fast but the waitress, apparently wasn't paying attention, got the orders all wrong.  She brought two bowls of Pho Tai Nam Bo Vien without greens and two lemonade lemon sodas.  I dont know what the heck she was listening to; obviously it wasn't her customers.  I asked the gentleman, who brought the noodles to us, to bring me some extra limes and cooked bean sprouts.  He told me to hold on...nope, he never came back.  \n\nThe soup broth was blah.  The noodles were soggy.  I told the waitress that this was the wrong drink and she made my brother a new lemon soda.  My brother said it wasn't even sweet.  Negative on the drinks too.  The service...well, they couldn't even get a simple order correct.  That's automatic failure."]
['Awesome food. Beef noodle soup. Lemongrass chicken and spring rolls were great. Food comes super fast!']
['whoa whoa whoa !\n\nSaturday , came with my family and wow, you get totally different service.\nwe had 4 waiters come by within 15 seconds of each other asking us if we were ready to order.\n\nnever when i have been here, that i get such quick service like this. our bowls were cleared off within a few minutes of finishing and our check came right away!!\n\nno need to even ask!\n\nnow, why is it that i roll in  here with my 6 deep Asian faily and get such superb service yet when i am here with my non-asian bf, we wait forever to get anything!\n\nnone the less, food was great. :-)']
["Came here on May 14, 2014.  Asked for pork and shrimp spring roll, but got chicken and shrimp instead.  Asked them not to bring peanut sauce because I'm allergic to peanuts -- the server brought peanut sauce."]
['Pho Pho Pho,\nit was pretty good here. \n(I used to go to Xinh Xinh but ...we fell out of touch and my brother and i  wandered down to PP. )\n\nLeaving the 375th Year kick off event for BLS, I trooped down here with some friends to grab some pho since for them it was like crack. \n- Service is kinda shitty, maybe vietnamese just dont like vietnamese but they certainly dont give two shits about being friendly.\n- Pho is pretty good. When my mom says its good, whose family owns a place back in the motherland, its good. \n\nIts a big place and easy to find especially in good ol chinatown.']
["Best pho I've had. This one easily beat others in Boston. Turnover ratio is very quick and it's ideal for a quick snack."]
['The sweet and sour soup is excellent--ridiculously large portion, so I\'ve always made two meals out of it, and very reasonably priced. Entrees other than the soup have not been exactly my "type"--I didn\'t care for the consistency of the sauce, but that\'s just my taste I think....they are open late, and service is generally very quick and efficient. Definitely worth a trip.']
['You know when you walk into an ethnic joint and all the customers are as white as your yuppie ass. That is Pho Pasteur.\n\nWe were actually very excited to try pho pasteur tonight. Eh it was okay. Service was not great. The lemon grass dish was average at best. I had high expectations based on the accolades in many of the local press weeklies. All in is pretty solid FAIL.']
["This was my first experience having Pho and it was amazing! The place was packed! And packed is good! The owners were there and treated us like family. I dreamed of that delicious broth for days and wish we could re-create it at home! I wish we lived in Boston - I'd eat here all the time!"]
['Decent food. Awful service. Wrong item and the servers made it sound like it was our fault. Not going back']
["There's nothing terribly special nor does anything really stand out.  I've had the curry tofu pho which on paper sounds really good right?  I mean, curry: yum, pho: yum, curry pho here: eh.  It was super yellow, I'll give it that.  Sadly that's where the curry part ended.  This is not to say that it was a disappointing bowl of soup.  It was actually pretty good.  I even liked the strange addition of (undercooked) green beans.  \n\nThey served this with thai basil and culantro.  No one ever explained what the culatro was so we all were left to wonder what the strange saw-toothed leaves were.  Are the decorative?  Edible?  Dandelions perhaps?  Thankfully Wikipedia came to the rescue later to help clear that up.  Maybe next time I'll even try it.\n\nSome in my party were understandably displeased with their food.  One bowl had what appeared to be half a head of wilted cabbage floating within.  Eww.  Though mine was weak (especially considering the competition in the area) I was ok with it.  I will most likely come back here some Thursday but I certainly will look for something other than the curry pho.\n\nFinally, it must be said that the service really fell flat here.  We had to ask for basics, napkins, water, the bill.  I don't like that.  I don't expect someone to hover, especially during the lunch rush, but at least cover the bases and I'll be ok.  Maybe next time they'll improve on that as well."]
["On a rainy day nothing beats some Pho &amp; Bun. This place has the service and food down to a science. \n\nMy bro loaded up on the Pho and I got my usual Bun which is like the Vietnamese version of a burrito except it's got rice noodles, scallions, peanuts, mint and your choice of pork, shrimp or sugarcane shrimp. YUM! The mint, scallion, peanut combo is genius!\n\nI recently went there by myself for a quick bite and the service while sometimes not wholly engaging....it's is efficient and friendly."]
["Came here one night after wandering around downtown.  We had walked by it a number of times but had never gone in.\n\nThe spring rolls were really tasty and the Pho Tai was good, though all of the meat was already in the bowl when it got to the table, instead of having the raw meat on a separate plate to put in as-needed.\n\nI would definitely go back again if I'm in the area."]
["Amazing food and okay prices, but the service is pretty bad and the place isn't very clean. (Yes, it's clean for Chinatown, but that's not an accomplishment.)"]
['simply the best. great for cold stormy winter days. very reasonable in price. extremely quick in service. staff not too friendly- But they get the job done, although there is this one food runner who always comes up to us to say hello. hes the sweetest guy and a very very hard worker. i hope the staff are well taken care of by the employer. but this is not any of my business. GREAT FOOD! must try in Boston!']
['Pho is such a great experience at this place, I love their Pho, and fresh spring rolls, this is happy food.']
["I've come here twice so far and have gotten Pho both times, which is the staple of this place. Haven't had any of the other dishes so your mileage may vary. With that said, my pho was excellent both times, with good flavors, fresh condiments, and delicious meat that was pink when they brought it out and cooked through by the time I was done.\n\nThe service was super quick and the servers were reasonably polite, The prices were amazing - I had a great meal for $7. Where else can you find that in Boston?\n\nFour stars because it's not a top of the line type of restaurant, and I'm sure you can get better pho elsewhere, probably for significantly more money. But this is definitely my go-to place for Vietnamese from now on."]
["I woke up this morning and looked at the weather on my app like every other day and was SO happy to see it was 40 degrees! Finally, I thought...a little bit of warmth in the middle of December never hurts. And it was Pho day! Walking outside would be nice.\n\nWhat I didn't expect was the smack in my face of that 'feels like' 10 degree weather (which I would later come to find out). Yet I battled all the way to work thinking it must be a colder 40 degree weather. Much to my dismay, I found out my app lied to me...it hadn't refreshed from a day or so ago.\n\nOur Pho plans stayed and I went kicking and screaming from the Financial District to Chinatown. \n\nAnd so glad I did.\n\nThe Chicken Curry Pho Bowl warmed me up like no other! Omg that pho bowl was absolutely amazing. The flavors were amazing and had the right amount of spice to it. There were lots of veggies in there as well and the bowl was huge.  My friends ended up getting the beef pho and they really liked it and the prices were incredibly reasonable as well, especially compared to the amount of food they gave. The downside, however, is that the service is not great at all. They do not pay attention to you (especially when you're sitting next to the door and there are entirely too many people waiting in line) and you have to ask them repeatedly to remind them to bring whatever it is that you want. \n\nHowever that bowl of chicken curry pho is something I would battle the weather for anyday I feel like I need a pick me up. It's incredible and just serves to give you that extremely warm fuzzy feeling inside.\n\nThat is until you step outside and get smacked AGAIN with the gust of wind. Yay NE weather."]
["I enjoy this place. I go to school down the street, so it's one of my go-to's and the food always satisfies. Just please, don't be THAT guy and order the pad thai. It's not a Thai restaurant.\n\nThe summer rolls (fresh spring rolls) are tasty and served with sweet peanut sauce.\nI can always count on the pho tai to please me if I'm shivering from the cold. Tender beef slices only. I don't need any intestines in mine, thanks. The small is such a large portion. More than enough to fill you up and at a good price too.\nAnother favorite it #59. Bun with BBQ pork, grilled shrimp, and a spring roll. Served with wicked fresh veggies, I absolutely love this dish.\n\nThere's a $10 credit card minimum, so pop across the street to Bank of America first if you're only getting an entree.\n\nHot tea is included with your meal."]
["Delicious! Inexpensive and quick service. The Bun Bo Hue (spicy beef lemongrass w/large vermicelli soup) is really good-it's the perfect cold remedy. Clears your sinuses right up."]
['This was my first time to have pho and this place was a great starter. The spring rolls were good and the chicken pho had a great flavor. It was also very inexpensive']
["Yesterday was my first time having pho. A friend of mine brought me here with promises that I would be blown away, and I'm happy to say that she was 100 percent correct--I'm still having wonderful food flashbacks and have actively begun to plot an excuse to swing by Chinatown again for more, hopefully sooner than later.\n\nI had the beef noodle bowl, which was hearty and filling--basically the perfect meal for a frigid winter afternoon. The ingredients are pretty basic (meat, cilantro, onions, scallions and noodles brought to you in the midst of cooking in steaming hot broth) but the result is incredibly flavorful and delicious. Be forewarned, however, that the portion sizes here are HUGE. I ordered a large, which, despite being ravenously hungry, I was unable to finish. A guy near us ordered an extra-large which was seriously the size of a kitchen mixing bowl.\n\nSome have commented on the service here. I personally found the hostess and waitstaff to be pleasant and friendly without bothering my table every five minutes, which tends to be the way I likes them. Last, but certainly not least, the prices at Pho Pasteur are downright cheap, you can walk out of here having enjoyed a large meal for about $10 with tip. I'm now kind of glad that I work in the cheap take-out wasteland that is Harvard Square, close proximity to Pho Pasteur would wreck my food budget in no time."]
['Always solid with amazing fresh spring rolls, pho, and other dishes. My favorite is a BBQ Pork Chop, Pork Skin, and a Fried Egg on top with rice. The service is always fast, and make sure to try out the different teas as well. I do like the bunn vermicelli as well with spring rolls and bbq pork.']
['If you like Pho and inexpensive delicious Vietnamese food then this is a must. Downtown near chinatown!']
["I used to come to Pho Pasteur at least once a week for their spicy beef noodle soup/ bun bo hue when I was in Boston. Overall, food is good, service is okay for a restaurant in Chinatown. However, ladies, please watch out for this one jerk with glasses. I think he's a manager because he always wears a grey vest and he's been working there for a long time. I truly wish they could fire him ASAP so they don't lose more customers. A lot of people I know, especially girls, including myself have always felt absolutely uncomfortable when this jerk is around. Also, if you order any kind of noodle soup, make sure that he's not serving you unless you would want to taste his dirty thumbs in your soup."]
["Fairly good quality pho, and phenomenal shakes. A small pho with brisket/raw steak will set you back a measly $6.75, and you'll be stuffed the the gills. The broth was flavored nicely, although the rice noodles were too soft for my taste. Lots of meat -- I wasn't expecting that. \n\nThe shakes are great and well-priced ($2.80). A friend ordered the avocado -- yum! Heavy, though, so we opted not to get one. One of those would be great on a hot summer day in Boston."]
["Love it!! My favorite restaurant! I love the simplicity of healthy (compared to other Asian plates), fresh food. Their soups our one of a kind and they have a rice noodle plate that is the best!!! I cant remember the name but it has rice noodles, grilled beef, lettuce, pickled carrots, cucumber, and mint!! So good that I just got hungry :)   The only thing that I don't like is their chicken wings and some of their rice plates. I used to just get chicken wings or beef and snow peas (before I started exploring the menu) and the chicken wings were always burnt or undercooked! and the rice plates are usually cold? But I guess nobodies perfect right? But their almost there!"]
['Pho is amazing. service is terrible!! your lucky if you even get a drink.']
["Cheap n delicious!  Fast service! Extremely busy during the weekday lunch hours but Well worth it!  Downfall is when it's extremely busy, they neglect to bring your H2O or Tea.  Service is not the best, unless you're the mayor of Boston, maybe they'll pay attention to your needs."]
["This is one of my favorite lunch places in Boston.  The service is very fast, but don't expect to be waited on.  Great Vietnamese food.  The Pho is always great (and you can get extra veggies if you want).  The #59 is also excellent."]
['Found this restaurant while exploring Chinatown yesterday and decided to give it a try because they seemed to have a good number of customers inside and I was hungry (as usual). I got the standard beef pho and my friend got pho with chicken, both in "large". Also ordered spring rolls as an appetizer. All together including tax and tip was $21.50.\n\nSpring rolls were not spectacular, just eh. Both pho, on the other hand, were pretty good. I\'ve had disappointing pho before and this was not one of them. Definitely somewhere I would go again if I were in town and craving pho.']
["Great.  The rare beef was actually rare, which is great because it normally comes well done regardless of what the menu says.  Plenty of typical pho condiments, no holding back here and the soup flavor was rich.  However the soup could be a bit hotter, it was luke warm -- pho needs to be piping hot.  I ordered the #20 with no tendon or tripe.  Don't expect a quiet dinner here, it's very popular and loud.  The busy atmosphere ends up hurting the customer service a bit and the guy forgot my drink order twice.  The price was average for pho, $7 for a large bowl."]
['Meh, I think my friends said this was supposedly among the good pho restaurants in boston if i recall correctly.  the Pho here is not bad, but didnt meet my Pho standards as I frequent the joints in the Tenderloin in SF and San Jose where theres a heavy Viet population and abundance of Viet restaurants.  but definitely better than the bland tasting stuff that tried to pass off for Pho on 8th ave in Brooklyn.']
["Pretty good pho, but not as good as Le's.  Service is brisk but pretty competent.  Food comes out really fast.  \n\nBroth can be a little too artificial tasting at times, like they're using the pho spice-packets.  But servings are plentiful and generous, and the menu has a good array of stuff.  Fried rice is simple and good, and chicken wings are huge.  Get the shrimp/sliced pork salad for something more refreshing.  Springs rolls are also good here."]
['Must dine out more in Chinatown. :) This was a delight! I have been envious of meat eaters with their giant pho bowls at various restaurants.. Oh boy! Sweet and sour vegetable soup! Delicious! Full of flavor, VEGETABLES, yumyumyum! I ordered a large. I was super full super quick. :o This is a GIANT bowl! I should have went for the small. xD (I am usually able to finish my food :P) Definitely give them kudos for the vegetarian section. :) Super SUPER fast service on top of everything! :D Delightful. ^.^']
["Definitely not the best Vietnamese food around but it's one of those go-to places when you have a hankering for pho since its so close to home. The drinks are pretty good, and most of the servers are very nice.\n\nOver the years the quality of the pho has really gone down though.  The pho has less meat, more noodles, and the soup has gotten really oily, and less flavorful. The vermicelli now has so much lettuce fluffing up the bowl at the bottom (instead of noodles), it feels like you're eating half a salad.\n\nBut despite the continual drop in quality, I still like coming here just because the food is decent and the servers are nice."]
["I recently went to Boston to visit a friend and it was a rainy Saturday morning. Pho sounded delicious and we weren't too far from Chinatown. I ordered the Pho Tai w/ the rare steak on the side and it was delicious and hit the spot. Coming from SoCal, I consider myself spoiled when it comes to finding a great pho place so my expectations were low coming in but one sip of the broth lifted my senses. The broth had a nice clean taste to it and it came out piping hot.\n\nService was prompt and I would go here in a heartbeat whenever I visit. This has been recommended to me and I would recommend this place for anyone craving pho. I don't know what else they serve here, but I think they are known for their pho =]"]
['It\'s good and it\'s ultra-fast. The food was not extraordinary - I didn\'t say, "I will never eat anywhere else for Vietnamese food because this is the best I\'ve ever had" - but it was good. Service is not terribly friendly, but it is very fast and the place is almost always very crowded, so there\'s not a lot of room for friendly chit chat with the customers (the language barrier probably also plays a part). It\'s very reasonably priced and the portions are huge. \n\nA little tip: it is always always always very very warm in this restaurant, no matter what the season. Be sure to wear layers if it\'s cold outside so that you can strip down when you get in there. \n\nAnother tip: try to avoid having job interviews or meetings here for the same reason.']
["really it's 2 stars for me... but i'm writing in relative to what is available in the area... \n\nthe broth was good... noodles were eh... and the beef... hmm... tough.  makes me miss bay area pho!!"]
["I've found bun to be hit or miss at most places but I tried Pho Pasteur last night and was pleased with their version. I ordered #50 (with sliced pork). The meat was good - it had crispy edges - which I liked. I thought the amount of meat was perfect. The salad was shredded iceberg, julienned cucumber, bean spouts, shredded carrot, and mint. Noodles were typical and the sauce was also good/typical. \n\nI asked for water and never got it, but for $11 including tip and a good bun I didn't really care."]
["cheap. fast. popular. yummy pho. BIG portions.\ni hear there's another vietnamese restaurant in town that's better, but this one's a main staple of mine."]
["Pho Pasteur serves some of the better pho ga I've had in the area.  Instead of waiting in line for up to an hour, and likely over an hour, at other spots in China Town you can get in and out fairly quickly at Pho Pasteur.  This place is no thrills and you'll be seated right next to some people who've never met before.  They serve Vietnamese beer for like $3.50; can't beat that.  I'll be back."]
["I've lived all up and down the west coast, Hawaii and have been to Asia numerous times. This is pretty typical for Pho despite what some of the people on here will say. the service was typical for any place as busy as this is during the lunch rush. If you are some kind of Pho snob that will jump in front of the T if you have a bowl that isn't exactly like wherever your favorite noodle place makes it get used to a life of disappointment."]
["great typical pho at a very reasonable price in a downtown location. will definitely return if i'm craving pho downtown"]
["This is a solid Vietnamese restaurant that should just serve Pho, but ends up putting a bunch of other stuff on the menu to appease your broader palette.\n\nI typically get the Pho here.  It's solid.  Take it from me, I grew up near Little Saigon in CA and I ate Pho on a weekly basis.  Also had the Ca Kho (clay pot catfish).  It was OK. \n\nLike others have said, don't be an idiot and order non-Vietnamese dishes here.  They don't really specialize in any type of food besides Pho, so don't expect them to impress you on the other stuff.  Also, service here is what you expect from a crowded home-grown Vietnamese restaurant...rough around the edges to say the least."]
["I've eaten ~4 times prior to writing this review, and all those times the food has been decent and the service subpar but serviceable. It would have probably gotten about 3 stars from me in the past.\n\nBut it only takes one case of FOOD POISONING to change this. How am I certain this place gave me and my girlfriend food poisoning? Because that was the only place we had met that day (a weekday, during our lunch hour), and within a few hours of lunch we both were displaying typical symptoms of food poisoning: I had indigestion, a slight fever, and no appetite; and she had indigestion, severe vomiting, and no appetite. \n\nWe ended up having to take her to get an IV because she couldn't consume any liquids all night. I wasn't struck as badly, maybe because I grew up in a foreign country on street food, but was still bedridden with lightheadedness and what felt like a fever, with no appetite for 24 hours afterwards. If you look at the other reviews there's at least one other person who got food poisoning here, which makes me suspect it's not a freak occurrence.\n\nAs the cherry on top during our visit the waittress had taken our payment (which was about 4 dollars on more than our bill--$20 on ~$16 lunch) and hadn't even offered to bring back change until we confronted her about this."]
['Back before the remodeling, this was a five star, but in my opinion the new cheap furniture and new cheap lights were a bad call. But then I guess I\'m just a poor yuppie looking for "atmosphere" so what do I know. \n\nThe food is the same, although more expensive, another bad call. This is not fine dining by any means so I expect raising prices is going to lose them some old customers. \n\nI usually get something with tofu or the Pho Ga, or one of the other Phos. The vegetarian spring rolls are good. Nothing blows one away, but I\'ve never been truly disappointed here. \n\nWe used to go pretty regularly, but it\'s too bright now, so I guess we will search for our atmosphere elsewhere.']
["Came in here on my continuing mission: to explore interesting Chinatown restaurants, seek out new dishes and delicious flavors, and to boldly go where no gweilo has gone before. \n\nWell, not so much the last part, yet, but Pho Pasteur certainly satisfied the previous two conditions.  On a rainy Monday evening, what better than spring rolls and hot pho?  Ordered the #20, pho with flank and brisket, and some pork and shrimp spring rolls.  Came with free tea, too, which was again delicious on a cold evening.  The rolls were good, if a bit light on the shrimp, and the peanut dipping sauce was decent.  The meat in the pho was large and done well, but the broth just seemed kind of lacking, especially compared to Xinh Xinh's.  Some squirts of lime, hoisin, and sriracha helped it along.  Good prices too, came to just over $10 for the meal, allowing me to use my credit card ($10 minimum), and pretty good service.  \n\nIt wasn't enough to edge out Xinh Xinh for my so-far-favorite pho spot in Chinatown, but it was certainly more than decent.  Engage!"]
['Easily one of the best places to get a great bowl of pho. If you want authentic Vietnamese food then this is the place. It is inexpensive and great tasting!']
["Worst Vietnamese food I've ever had.  And like all Asian places on the east coast, they use MSG.  Never going back."]
["Good veggie selection.  Overall, the pho here is better than some of the other places I've been to.\n\nThe only thing I wouldn't recommend is the curry soups.  It doesn't come with a lot of noodles, and the curry flavor is a little off.  \n\nIt can be really busy on Friday nights."]
["Gone are the days of yesteryear, when Pho Pasteur was literally my favorite spot. Not so much anymore... These days, I work hard to find alternative spots to feed my belly the pho it needs, just to avoid this newly-crappy spot.\n\nIt all started when the service started going downhill about a year ago... no more greeting me at the door or offering me a warm place to stand and wait for a table in the colder months... no more smiling table service... just a whole lot of being ignored, then feeling shoved out the door.\n\nThen I realized I wasn't even all that in love with their pho anymore. Did the veggie broth get blander? Did the veggies get less interesting? Did the noodles get sparser? Something just ain't the same.\n\nIt just isn't that exciting anymore, and with competition from hot spots like Xinh Xinh a couple doors down, they need to step it up or close it up."]
["I make it a point to come here whenever I'm in Boston and it always hits the spot.  The pho is delicious, cheap and huge - deep, beefy broth, plenty of sprouts and basil, limes, and your choice of noodle (I prefer rice noodles but you can opt for egg noodles).  They have the necessary sauces on the side.  The food comes out fast too.  Yum.  \n\nI like the no frills atmosphere too.  Cheap &amp; tasty &amp; it accepts credit cards.  The menu has much more than pho (including seafood noodle soup, rice plates, vermicelli bowls, salads, quite a few vegetarian items) but I always get pho."]
['Ah, Saturdays at the Pho Pasteur. I don\'t go as often as I used to but probably still get in every couple of months.\n\nService here has always been variable with periods of rain, sun and wind. I think it kind of depends on the day, the crowd (there\'s always a crowd), and whether the waiter was recently traumatized by a 10-top of tourists all going "ummmm, errrrr" over the menu for 30-plus minutes. (I have seen this happen. It\'s not pretty.) Usually the service is super-quick, but there was a period in 2007 (perhaps their blue period, who knows?) where I sat and waited, waited, waited for service. Lately though, they\'ve been hustling people in and out so fast the hostess looks a bit dizzy.\n\nBut the food -- I\'ve never been disappointed. Pho Pasteur is a solid standard in Chinatown. You know you\'re going to get good, and sometimes outstanding, food. Especially pho, of course.\n\nMy current fave is the pho with chicken; nice and hot, with plenty of flavor in the broth and lots of chicken. A couple weeks ago I tried their crispy tofu -- another winner, lightly fried and bite-sized with peanut sauce on the side.\n\nSo yeah, there\'s other pho places in Chinatown. They each have their specialty. But Pho Pasteur is the old reliable.']
['Went here again with my husband. The food this time was not so great. We ordered chicken pad-see-yew and it seemed bland and undercooked. I guess they keep those giant bottles of sriracha for a reason. I had also ordered a taro shake and it was mostly purple crushed ice... Probably wont make a third visit...']
["I've been going here for about 4 years now and I'd have to say, the place has changed, gaining a larger dining area, and as always, continuously busy all the time.  It's an in and out eating place.  It mimics the eating environment of many over populated cities in Asia, filled with cultural entertainment on the walls, packed seating, and many items to garnish your food with.  \n\nI've always enjoyed the quaintness to their restaurant, the hurried service, and the quick meals.  Their food is great for the prices, and I always enjoy getting a yummy Mango shake whenever I can.  I've had many helpings of the Pho, and many of the rice/noodle dishes, and even some of the more traditional Vietnamese dishes.  Their service isn't the best, but it goes with the feeling that this restaurant has.  If you want to chew and screw, or need a quick good meal, it's a place to go.  If you are looking for fine dining, this isn't the place to be.\n\nA couple of hints to those who seem to complain about the service.  If you don't know what you want right away, but know your drinks right off the bat, order that, by the time the return, you should know what you want.  Order by number, it's how they memorize everything.  Read quickly based on meat or vegetable or if you want soups or noodles.  It's a fairly simple menu system.  Don't ask what something is unless you really don't know.  Their descriptions are quite good on their menu.  If your tea is out, lift the lid up and they'll refill it, and when you are done with your food, just set it near the edge.  It's how their service works.  If' it is crazy packed, just pay the cashier up at front, it's what you are supposed to do.\n\nI've always loved this place for the experience and the food.  It puts me into a whole different world, and i love seeing what other people get and looking for it on the menu to try for myself.  this is pretty authentic if you have my word for it :)"]
["Hot damn it has been a long time since I've had pho in Boston.  YEARS.  I'm 99% sure that this was my spot.  The place my Vietnamese  friend took me for my first ever pho experience.  \n\nI always stuck with the chicken.  I happily dipped my sprouts in hot suace.  I went crazy with fish sauce.  I drank broth so quickly I burned my tongue.  I slurped noodles.  JOY.  Good times.  Ahh, the nostalgia."]
["Hands down THE BEST PHO in Boston. I don't care what anyone has to say about any other place. Their broth here is out of this world. I'm more partial to the chicken pho, but the beef is as good. Spring rolls are always fresh with good meat to veggie ratio. If you're not feeling soupy that day, order the grilled chicken on white rice plate, I think it's #39 on the menu??? That's amazing as well. Infact I don't think anything's bad here??? Super cheap, super fast service, with great tasting food, how can you go wrong? The parking is the only downside."]
["*SLURP*\n\nI have no manners when it comes to soup.  I get it everywhere, on the table, on myself, on my dining companion (sucks for Joe!).  Enter Pho Pasteur.  I have been wanting to try this place for a long while, so after seeing Wall-E (Squee!!) we decided to grab some lunch, since we had the rumbly in our tumblies.  \n\nIt had quite the cafeteria feel to it, and I almost felt like I was in a food court.  We were sat in the back middle and staring at the huge menu, I was a little intimidated.  I do terrible when restaurants have big menus, I have commitment issues (when it comes to food ONLY) and it takes me an hour to figure out what I want (I get it from my mom).  For drinks I had the Caphe Sua Da which is iced espresso with condensed milk.  It was excellent!! I've never had my coffee with condensed milk, but I like it!  For my meal, I got the Chicken Curry Vermiceli Soup with extra veggies.  \n\nIt came out lickety-split, and since I was famished, I dove right in.  And I didn't stop until there was nothing left.  It was that delicious.  Although, I DID have to stop a lot because it was spicy!!! Me likey! Joe no likey as much since he's soft and doesn't like spicy foods.  There was so much broth left when I was done, but I didn't think my bladder would enjoy the extra liquids.  The veggies were crisp and fresh, and the chicken, although a gross yellow color, was still excellent.\n\nI agree with everyone about the service; it's non-existent! It took FOREVER to get my water re-filled.  It took FOREVER for the check to come.  She didn't even ask us how everything was.  But you know what? For $25, I did not care! My belly was happy, my wallet was happy, Joe was happy because I *think* I didn't drench him in my sloppy soup juices, so I was happy!\n\nAnd, I work about 5 minutes away, and since the food came out so fast, I might have to come here for lunch!  YUM\n\nOH! FYI, Bicycle Benefits members get 10% off!"]
["Thanks for the food poisoning pho pasteur! I lost all my holiday weight in one day! don't except to get a check for awhile, fried egg rolls were clearly made last week and were non-heated- totally recommend them. the chicken in the pho ga was blackish and I've been vomiting all day.   i wouldn't recommend this place to my worst enemy."]
['Pho Pasteur is one of my favorite restaurants when I am in Boston. The place is a little on the cramped side, as they squeeze a lot of tables and chairs in a fairly small space to accommodate as many diners as possible, but that is a minor issue. Once you\'re sitting, you are transported into Vietnamese-gustatory paradise.\n\nSteaming, big bowls of hot pho are the best thing on cold, rainy days. Everyone gets a dish of spicy, flavorful sauce to stir in, and a plate of fresh bean sprouts, cilantro, and other green herbery to flavor the already tasty broth and noodles. You choose your meats and other add-ins, such as fried spring rolls, pork, chicken, beef, tofu, fishballs, etc. There is always much more than I can eat, so the rest comes home in a plastic take-out container.\n\nYou can also order other Vietnamese standards, including a tasty version of BBQ pork or chicken, and bowls of skinny rice noodles topped with various Vietnamese style veggies, and choice of animal or plant protein. They have summer rolls, a tasty concoction of chopped veggies, mint and shrimp wrapped in an unfried rice flour "skin." There are pan-fried noodles, big flat rice noodles, and rice dishes with mix-ins.\n\nEvery table is equipped with the necessary condiments (Saracha!! Must have!!) and containers of help-yourself chopsticks.\n\nThey have alchohol, so you can enjoy a strong beverage with your meal, or else go for the standard tea or strong, French-inspired Vietnamese coffee (in the plunger caraffe with condensed milk... delish!).\n\nCheap, quick to serve your meal, and you can linger over coffee if there aren\'t hordes of hungry people waiting for your table (in which case, you finish up and leave, if you have a conscience, which you should).\n\nWriting about Pho Pasteur is making me want to get on the Blue Line and take a ride into Town for lunch there. Guess I will pull out the Charlie Card this week.']
['I love the Pho here.  The broth is nice and hot, the noodle is perfect, and the portion is big.  Pho is the only thing I get here.  The rice dishes and bun (vermicelli) are  not great.  They fried their meat instead of grilling them like most places.  If you are looking for an authentic bowl of Pho in chinatown, then this is the place for you.  Other than that go somewhere else.  Service can be bad here since they are very busy.  I once got a dose of attitude because I forgot to ask for cooked bean sprouts when I ordered.']
['This review may be slightly unfair because we scooted in at 10:15 (15 minutes before their close).  We came in and were seated right away.  Two minutes later, the waitress came back for our orders.  We asked for  an extra couple minutes to decide, and were told "sorry the kitchen is closing, order now". pfft!\n\nI ordered a small beef soup (in a rush), failing to realize that it comes with some seriously asian ingredients (pig intestine, beef tendons, etc).  While there was a "beef only" option, it wasn\'t clearly indicated on the menu.  \n\nLuckily my girlfriend ordered a basic Wonton soup and was willing to trade.  The soup was reasonably tasty and the prices are OK, but I have to give a low rating due to the awful/rude service and secret Asian ingredients.\n\nGo to Xinh Xinh!']
["So yeah, I like the Pho. The spring rolls are good. The food comes fast and hot and the service is most often frequent and friendly. But, I'm going to be THAT girl who says that my favorite dish here is the Pad Thai. I know what you're thinking; sacrilege. After all, it's a VIETNAMESE restaurant. Well, think again. This Pad Thai is actually a completely different dish with the same name. It's made with clear, sticky bean noodles (technical term) and is SUPER spicy and unlike any food I have had before. (Except maybe those Korean red bean paste donuts).  Try it. You won't regret it."]
["OMG yessssss. I have been fondly reminiscing about this meal since I had it a few days ago. As a vegetarian, it's awesome to be able to go to a pho restaurant and have a variety of choices. My dining buddy had the seafood pho and was delighted with it, though it was too big to finish. My vermicelli with fried tofu and veggie spring rolls was flavourful, filling, and so big I had another full meal later in the day [well, my hungry friend ate it, but same difference]. Service was a little indifferent, but I can overlook a lot of things for food this delicious."]
['All dishes were very solid.  Had pho(one of the best), spring rolls, egg rolls, fried quail.']
['I\'ve been going to Pho Pasteur for about 4 years now, and consider it to be one of the better Vietnamese restaurants in Chinatown.  The Pho is good, as are the vermicelli salads, spring rolls, and shakes (esp. Jack Fruit).  The noodle dishes are a bit greasy (especially the "Thai" dishes like Pad Thai and Pad Woon Sen), and the curries are also a bit heavy.  \n\nAs mentioned in many of the other reviews the service is spotty, especially during busy times, and the food is often delivered in random sequence (sometimes you\'ll get your appetizer after your entree, and sometimes one person will get his food 10 minutes after the rest of the party).  The place is definitely not the cleanest, although the bathrooms have much improved since the recent renovation. \n\nOverall, Pho Pasteur is probably the second best Vietnamese place in Chinatown, and a reliable choice for lunch or dinner.  I\'ve had better Vietnamese outside the city (the sister restaurants Le\'s in the Atrium Mall and Le\'s in Brighton, come to mind, as well as Pho Viet\'s, also in Brighton), but Pho Pasteur is a solid runner-up.']
["I'm not exactly certain what you all are expecting from a restaurant in the middle of Chinatown but we thought this place was great for PHO. Seriously. Check your expectations, this is not the suburbs people. The service was fast, not incredibly attentive but not grossly  horrific either. Pho was out on the table in seconds with the usual bean sprouts and basil. I had the chicken with bamboo shoots which was amazing and the hubby had the flank and tripe. We really enjoyed ourselves and will be back as it gets colder."]
['A friend (and fellow Yelper) recommended this place to me.  I have been in search of restaurants that fill me up without emptying my wallet and Pho Pasteur does just that. \n\nMy husband and I visited last Friday night at 7:15 or so before we went to an 8:30 movie.  We were seated immediately and given hot tea moments later.  We were seated at a six person table with another couple at the other end, but we didn\'t bother them and they didn\'t bother us.  Plus, if I can eat sooner by sharing tables with others, who am I to complain?\n\nWe started off with the fresh spring rolls and the wonton soup.  Both were delicious and my husband\'s soup was a huge portion for a small price ($4).  For our entrees, I ordered a medium bowl of the Beef Pho and Pistol Pete got the Crispy Lo Mein.  Oh. My. God.  The entrees were soooooooo good.  My "medium" soup was mixing-bowl sized and it was delivered with bean sprouts and basil on the side... I want some just thinking about it.  The Crispy Lo Mein was enormous as well, and I kept stealing bites throughout the dinner.  The sauce on it was so tasty.  \n\nI would say the best part of the experience was the food and speedy service, but my husband would disagree.  His favorite part of dining at Pho Pasteur was when the bill came at the same time I was groaning about how incredibly stuffed I was and it was only $24!!!!  He said that he couldn\'t remember a time, even in college, when he was able to take me out to dinner for less than $50.  Granted, we did not indulge in adult beverages, but we were completely full when we walked to our movie.  \n\nGo to Pho Pasteur with a big appetite and a wee paycheck and you will leave happy!']
['Neither I nor any of my party had Pho. I had chowfoon, Sara had tofu vermicelli, and Akshata and Shruti split chicken lo mein. We got egg rolls and spring rolls to start, which were really good, as was the chicken teriyaki. Service was efficient and polite, and for the first time in my memory we got our appetizers before our beers. I did notice that my "33" Import was two weeks away from expiration (having been bottled on 9/17/07) but it tasted alright. For the four of us we paid $63 including tip. None of us came close to finishing our meals. Had we not been going to a club we would have taken home a full meal.\n\nThat said, I have to dock them a point because the shrimp in my shrimp chowfoon weren\'t too tasty. Everything else was, however. It\'s probably my fault for not getting it with chicken.']
["OK. So this place isn't called Rice Vermicelli Pasteur. But still . . .\n\nThis was the worst rice vermicelli - with pork and eggroll and shrimp - that I've ever had. Big, bland with meat like shoe leather.\n\nThree stars because they have an extensive menu, the service was nice, and lightening quick, and the price is right. Next time I'll get the pho. Or go somewhere else."]
['Large portions! Is the first thing that comes to mind, when we think about this place. This place can get really busy, so the customer service is kind of slow. We like to order Pho Dac Biet. One time we ordered it to go (without the noodles cooked) and it  literally filled us both up! Pho Pasteur also provides a parking rebate if you park in the garage. (On the weekends; instead of paying $10, you only pay $6) For Pho Dac Biet without the noodles cooked was about $8, we recommend this place for people who are looking for a place to cure their pho craving!']
['I only get the combo pho there, occ spring rolls depending on my hunger. The soup is definitly A+, very savory, just the right amount of beefyness w/o it being overbearing, and the price is very fair.']
["oh my goodness...i won't be there anymore！the first time I went here，it's ok. the second time，the meat and soup made me sick..."]
['The take out pho chicken noodle soup nursed me back to health!! so many ingredients and soooooooooooooo yummy. and 5 stars for my friends for delivering it to me!!!']
["Meeh...\nWe decided to give this a try rather than going to our usual dining spot, Xinh Xinh, and almost immediately regretted it. The food was boring at best (not to say bad), service quick, but not very friendly, and the whole place is not very inviting despite being frequented very well. My husband had Lemongrass Tofu, which consisted basically in a mix of hardly fried tofu, more or less raw peppers and onions in a cheap, sweetish and otherwise tasteless sauce. My Tofu Pad Thai was slightly better, but by no means great (frankly, I can make better Pad Thai at home, and I'm not a great cook). \nThere is absolutely no reason to spend your money here rather than at XinhXinh next door, which has infinitely better food, and is a much more friendly place, so don't bother."]
['Had the best tofu and curry soup for $7.95.  The bowl was literally the size of my head and it was extremely flavorful.  I will definitely go back again!']
['Phirst time for pho? You betcha! We had been planning for a while, and it just never panned out. but, um, then it did. \n\nI liked:\n - the clientele - businesspeople, doctors and nurses, couples and old Asian grandmothers. chatty and loud, they gave the place lots of energy. \n - the waitstaff, also friendly and also with a lot of energy. quick turnover means running around. if they made a mistake, they quickly fixed it. \n - the food is good. solid, but not strong, flavors. immense portions.\n - and what was in my coffee? frosting? whatever it was, i love it.\n\ncheap and filling, just like my men.']
["Headed here today for a late lunch. I love that the walk here from Tremont (done directly from Emerson) involves passing The Glass Slipper and Centerfolds (the only strip clubs in Boston). It makes it more entertaining!\n\nI was SO EXCITED to see that they combined the two locations to make it MUCH BIGGER! They still do the whole communal table thing, but now there are lots more tables. The whole space feels transformed because it feels much more spacious! On of my favorite things about this place is the mixed crowd. You find a nurse at a table with some students, while two people are on a date in the corner.\n\nI usually order the Veggie Fresh Rolls and the Vermichilli in the 50's section of the menu, make sure to drown it in hoisin sauce (the thick brown one) , that is how it tastes best ;) Our bill came to just under $20 for two people, NICE!\n\nUPDATE: Who knew they had wine?!? the Norton Chardonnay for $17 dollars is actually pretty great!"]
['One of the quickest restaurant lunches in the area, I love Pho Pasteur despite their somewhat inconsistent service. Somewhat = it just seems like whenever I order fresh springs rolls they\'re hit or miss on coming out on time. The other day they came out within 4 minutes of ordering them and last time I was with Jennie W. they came out halfway into our entree only after she asked for them. I will give the folks at Pho Pasteur some credit for their exceptionally quick service though. Once they notice or once you point something out to them, they\'re on it. Otherwise, they pretty much leave you alone during your meal after all the food is out. Leave your water on the side to fill. \n\nThe soups are consistently good and in large portions but I never leave feeling gross from consuming them. The only funny part I\'ve detected, is when I go by myself.. they seat me by the other "singles" and they seat us all facing the same way.. like someone we know will come and sit or we\'ll be asked to judge a parallel bars routine on Washington Street. \n\nEveryone and their mom comes here for lunch.. come after 1PM on weekdays and you\'ve got a good chance in side stepping the crowd.']
['Well, first things first. My rating is based on takeout...I really don\'t enjoy their dining room atmosphere because the tables are too close, the volume is too loud, and the servers are not very friendly.  Also take note that I have never had pho here, I order the same thing every time. If it ain\'t broke, don\'t fix it! \n\nThis used to be my Sunday night ritual: instead of eating the garbage the Dining Hall wanted to call "Potato Pileups" (if you are blissfully unaware, I don\'t want to ruin it for you), I would run down Crack Alley for Lemon grass Beef and Spring Rolls, bring it back to my room and settle in for some football or maybe the Simpsons. The beef is deliciously spicy with the lemon grass subtly supporting the flavors of the sauce. My one issue is that green peppers far outnumber the red ones, and that is just a little sad.   Though meant to be a starter, I usually eat my spring roll after I\'ve finished ravaging the beef \'cause its way more fun. This ensemble will only cost you $12.95, and is easily split between two people.']
["Pho Pasteur is one of my favorite Vietnamese restaurants in the city.  Their phos are bigger and cheaper than their competitors, and the flavors are deeper and richer as well. \n\nThe appetizers are unremarkable, but the chicken pho and the vegetable tofu pho are both hearty, large, and delicious.  They have a good hot and sour soup as well, but the pho is definitely a better option here, in my opinion (Xinh Xinh has great hot and sour, probably my favorite in Chinatown).  The vermicelli dishes are also very good here, especially the combination beef/spring roll vermicelli.  The fish sauce offered with the dish is tangy, spicy, and not-fishy, though if you're not into fish sauce, they have a good peanut-sauce as a substitute.\n\nThe only downside here is that the atmosphere is very bustly, and the service is REALLY spotty at best.  I always modify my order, and it always comes out wrong.  always.  However, they are really nice about correcting it (though it takes forever to get a replacement order).  I also don't like that the food comes out when it's done cooking, so often times my boyfriend will be halfway through his meal before I even get mine.  I really want to take away a star for this, as it is actually rather annoying and sort of ruins the experience every time, but the food is so good and cheap that I can't bring myself to downgrade a star.  Solid 3.5 overall, (with a 2 on service and a 4+ on food and price)."]
['Overall: Great Vietnamese Pho soup, decent service, busy interior\n\nFood: Pho here is the ultimate fast food warm, Vietnamese-style chicken soup.  I get it with extra lime and load in the Sirracha hot sauce.  I also love their beef skewer appetizer.  Everything else on the menu standard but I would recommend coming here for the soup.  \n\nService: whatever\n\nInterior: busy\n\nI really recommend this place.  Best Pho in town.']
["This is the first place I had pho when I first moved to Boston. I have been a regular over the last couple of years and this place has moved considerably. Not sure if it's just me, the pho is still good compared to some other places, but the standard have dropped. The soup and broth is not as rich as before and sometimes, not as piping hot I as i like. \n\nThey've also expanded in size recently and with the same number of staff, I think service has also decreased. For some reason, they always bring the apps out much much later after the serve my pho. this has happened to me twice now. \n\nI think I'll still go there when i crave for Pho but am searching for the next best pho place..."]
["We were in the area and hungry, so we looked to yelp for help.  Once again yelp comes through.  (Special thanks to Fro-yo girl for this one.)  Great pho, some of the best I've had.  Atmosphere left something to be desired... it looked as tired as I felt, but the pho was pho-nomenal. :)"]
["I have eaten at Pho Pasteur several times recently, and have consistently been very satisfied with my meals. What really stands out, though, is the Tofu-Vegetable Curry pho ($6.25). I have addictions to both soup and curry, and thus was thrilled when a ridiculously gigantic bowl of fresh vegetables and large chunks of tofu, swimming in a delightful yellow curry broth, was placed in front of me. Add some of that garlic-chili paste they have on the table, and you've got a really fantastic, spicy, somehow nourishing meal. I liked it so much that I returned just two weeks later and ordered the same thing, despite the fact that it was literary ninety degrees outside. \n\nPho Pasteur is very vegetarian friendly. The Pad Thai, which is made without eggs here, is definitely a favorite. I really recommend using the lime wedges they give you (for some reason, the combination of lime and crushed peanuts is awesome), as well as the aforementioned amazing hot sauce. All of the flavors go really well together, and the dish is just great: simple, delicious, and filling. \n\nI have had decent experiences with the service here, meaning they answer my questions and never screw up my order, but I wouldn't classify it as friendly. This is definitely keeps me from giving Pho five stars. The staff always answers my dietary questions, and has my food out as fast as possible, but that's about it. They basically take your order, bring you your food, and never return --you've got to flag someone down, every time, for more water, the check, and so on. For the food and low prices, I don't really mind, though.\n\n**I recently tried the vegetarian Hot and Sour soup, with vermicelli--wow! What a flavorful, delicious meal. The bowl is full of mushrooms, corn, tomatoes (yum!), tofu, and chunks of pineapple. It's a little more expensive than their other veggie soups ($7.95 for a small/$8.95 for a large), but is a great deal considering the size and quality."]
["#22, #89, #99, and/or pineapple coconut shake!  So delicious; this was baby's first taste of pho and to-date the best I've had in the U.S.!  Super-fast, friendly service and during the holidays they put up fun decorations to boot."]
['The best part of our meal was #88B vegetarian fried egg rolls (2) USD 3.50.  Things went downhill for the rest of our dining as it lacked a satisfying taste:  #96 Tofu vegetables chow fun USD 7.95, #104 Chinese brocolli and rice USD 9.50, imported beer USD 3.75.']
["I've had plenty of meat-noodle-veggie soups at various Asian restaurants, but never had pho until today.  It was pretty good, servings were ginormous, and the veggies (which you have to add on to the order if you want them in the soup for $1 extra) were deliciously fresh.\n\nThe real stars of the show, though, were the spring rolls and egg rolls that we ordered.  I didn't even want to order the egg rolls because I figured they would be your typical greasy-ass, over-fried, tasteless calorie-wasters.  NOT SO.  The egg rolls were wrapped in a crispy, lightly fried dough with crunchy, flavorful fillings.  And the spring rolls had fresh white meat chicken, rice noodles and scallions wrapped in a tissue-paper thin rice wrapper.  The accompanying dipping sauces were delicious as well - one was some type of vinegar/oil with chopped scallions, the other was like a plum sauce with chopped peanuts.  \n\nI'm telling you what, I will be back if only for those two menu items.  Thank God I live like a block away and can run past here anytime to get 'em."]
['Good inexpensive lunch.  Filled with Asians eating.  I should of had pho, it smelled and looked so good.  Next time.  Service is very inconsistent.']
['I have only been here once but what I ate has lived on with me to this day and I really hope to be able to make it back soon.\nI came here with a friend who clearly knew a lot more about pan-asian cuisine and he recommended that I try out whatever he ordered. I ended up with an incredible noodle soup with beef and some great appetizers. \nThe taste of scallions, spices, and the meat made my taste buds quite happy for the evening and for the price (the meal total with tea and the appetizers was just under 15 dollars) I was definitely satisfied all night.\nalso props for keeping this place clean in an area of town where a lot of restaurants tend to be very unsanitary looking and somewhat sketchy. \none con was the waitstaff/staff who was not extremely attentive and was quite absent at times actually but the food made up for part of that!']
['Hands down, this  vietnamese restaurant is my favorite place to go for dinner with friends in the city.\n\nThe decor inside is a bit wonky, and the service is always a little, how shall i say, schizo? But these attributes only make me love pho pasteur all the more. \n\nThe food is absolutely fabulous. I normally get an order of chicken pho with egg noodles &amp; extra vegetables in it. Sometimes a coconut slush with boba if I need a little excitement. Everything on the menu is incredibly well priced for the amount of food that you receive.']
["The service was great for a Fri. night and in Chinatown at that. The food however was not that great. The meat in the Pho was fatty and the broth was not very tasty. My friend has a chicken noodle stir-fry which was also not that good. The meat was not very good and the seasoning was pretty boring. They have lots of choices on the menu and the cheap prices and generous portions which helps a bit. \nThe Pho at Le's in Harvard is much better.\nNext time I would rather do the wait it takes to get into Penang."]
['Sure, they have OK soup...but the fact that they withhold water from you like a Chinese torture...is well, pure torture.  I like my Pho spicy but I dread having to chase the waiter around to BEG him for a glass of water...there are way too many places in Chinatown to put up with this shiz!!']
["If you're walking around Chinatown and looking for a place to eat or get take out, this one has good pho and vietnamese food.  I had a rice plate and the imperial rolls were just right.  A perfect serving size and for decent prices too.  If I happen to visit again, I'll be back to eat here.\nThere are only maybe a handfull places I would eat at in this area.\nI guess we're pretty lucky over here on the West coast for variety and abundance."]
['Pho Pasteur is a suprisingly large restaurant and almost all the tables were filled when we came in.\nWe ordered 2 different kinds of bun (pronounced "boon," a vermicelli dish): 1 beef and shrimp and 1 tofu lemongrass.\nBoth bun bowls were GINORMOUS!!!  The lettuce and veggies tasted super fresh and crunchy. The fish sauce was mixed nicely.\nThe beef and shrimp bun was well done.  For those of you who prefer shimp completely shelled, be prepared to request your shrimp peeled.  The shrimp came with the shells on, but my companion eats shrimp whole (shells and all!).  \nThe tofu bun was a little unexpected/regrettable.  A few cups of lemongrass sauce were already poured into the bowl.  I guess they did this because some people (vegetarians presumably) may choose not to pour the fish sauce over the noodles.  Since I prefer the taste of fish sauce, I\'ll order the traditional bun from now on.\nThe banh xeo crepe is delicious here, but you may need to ask for additional lettuce.\nService is quick here, but you need to be assertive if you have additional requests.']
["So far my favorite place for pho that I've found in Boston!!\n\nQuick service, but in my experience, never pushy. The only complaint I would have about the service is that they always forget my request for extra limes the first time I ask, but I guess that's understandable, considering how busy this place gets. \n\nBut more important than the service is the food. Which is fantastic!\nI always order the chicken pho, which is amazing. Flavorful broth, well-cooked chicken, perfect noodles. \nA friend of mine also order the seafood pho, and enjoyed it as well. \n\nI also love the tea that comes with your meal, and the fact that they give you a choice about the size of the bowl of pho. I always order a large, but it also comes in a small and extra large. Well priced too. It's around 7 dollars for the large I believe."]
['This place is pretty dirty. Dirty table, dirty dishes. My table wobbled. My chair wobbled. I was prepared to be pretty grossed out. The food was reasonably tasty given all that, but there are better places in this neighborhood.']
["I love this place... I get the rare beef pho... Beef of the side! Just squeeze a lime on the beef and eat it... it pre frozen, you'll be fine! So good... I also like the vietnamese combo salad. I feel great after I eat here... been coming here for 10 years, and will continue to do so. I've tried most of the vietnamese in boston, most good ones are in dorchester.. but I keep coming back to the pasteur... its fast, convenient, consistent, not orgasmically delicious, but almost-near-orgasm delicious... which is sometimes better.\n\nsecond fav dishes: vietnamese salad, and the bun... beef or pork, the one that comes with a spring roll, ask for it fresh"]
['After waiting for quite a while for table on a bustling Friday night, I ordered a Vietnamese style Pad Thai. Sounds a bit crazy to order pad thai at a Vietnamese restaurant, but I enjoy the flavors of pad thai with viet style noodles. Although the food was very satisfying and the portion very large, the service could have been better. Originally we had received no napkins or water. My order was confused by another waiter, not our original waitress, for a pho dish. Throughout the night I had to consistently flag down a waiter or waitress. I would go definitely go back but not for dinner especially on a weekend night.']
["Waited 35 minutes for my bowl of pho which only took 35 seconds to order. Can you tell me how long it takes to prepare pho noodle, meat, onions, scallions, and pour broth onto there?! Waitstaff didn't even apologize and blamed me for not letting them know I was ready to eat."]
["A consensus seems to have formed: Pho Pasteur is not what it once was. When I first moved to Boston and asked anyone where I could get pho, Pho Pasteur was almost always their answer, as if by default. I used to have regular access to incredible pho, so I was disappointed by my first visit to Pho Pasteur. Nothing has improved in by subsequent visits. The crowds and (during the summer) heat in the dining room isn't worth enduring for the mediocre food. There are plenty of other places to get good pho in the Boston area. If I'm in Chinatown, I no longer bother with Pho Pasteur."]
['Definitely absolutely no service or whatever. We had to go to the front for our drinks. Had to hunt down a waiter/waitress for water/tea/extra napkins. They were quick on the bills though. Don\'t expect any service from a Vietnamese restaurant anyways, this is our second and our last time. Both time no service. My damn drink came after my meal.  Waitress didn\'t even say sorry or offer if I want it to go. They gave me the check and then my drink. WTF is that?  I have to admit the one star is for the decent noodle soup, otherwise they would have nothing from me.  Bad bad bad. That\'s all from me. Oh no no, one more thing from me, "do mah!"']
["I never really liked the service here..especially if you are a kid. I guess you might need an adult to get good seating, I get fine seating now..so who knows. But anyways, it used to taste SO good..I don't know what happened. My friend didn't even finish her curry chicken rice plate...My egg-roll, pork, and pork skin vermicelli was just average..They have very good coconut shake here! The tri-color dessert is pretty good..I guess service is better if you get a male..haha and your a girl ."]
["I LOVE pho noodles!  My friend and I have been going to this one for quite some time now.  We love how it's fast, cheap and delicious.  The inside is pretty clean but nothing fancy.  The waiter/waitresses do not speak English that well so the communication is very limited.  But they never fail in making a delicious bowl of beef pho noodles.  I usually get the beef pho noodles or the beef vermicelli.  \n\nThe beef pho noodles is with their hot beef broth and slices of thin meat (you can get adventurous and get tripe and stuff but I still with rare steak) and it also had onion and cilantro in the soup.  It comes with a side of sprouts, Thai basil leaves and a lime.\n\nThe beef vermicelli is cold noodles with slices of bbq'd beef.  It also comes with fresh julienne of cucumbers and carrots and they give you fish sauce to pour into your bowl of vermicelli or you can have it on the side.  \n\nI've also tried their fresh spring rolls which are pretty decent as well. \nOverall, if you are looking for authentic pho noodles and cheap, this is the place to come.  I'm actually going there tonight!  Just thinking about it is making my mouth water."]
["An extremely delicious, cheap, large bowl of soup! I got the beef teriyaki appetizer and the roast duck soup with vermicceli. It was really friggin good. I loved the flavor of the basil in the soup. I also loved spicing it to my preference, I doused the soup in sriracha, hoisin sauce, and white pepper and nearly had a meg ryan style restaurant orgasm.\n\nI wound up ripping up my beef teriyaki and throwing it in the soup - it was DAMN good.\n\n-----\nI also thought I should add, my dish contained bones - but I think that's good! It's nice to know you're having a real bone broth. Healthy. Easy enough to navigate around.\n\nAlso - this is not a place to come for a finer ambiance. It's a bit pedestrian. I can appreciate that it's open late and when it is a priority to eat something decent. It's more of a utilitarian restaurant in that way."]
['I have missed this place since I moved to Cali about a year and a half ago. All I got to say is.. I WANT MORE. :9 If you\'re claustrophobic, don\'t eat here. But if you don\'t give a crap, just do it. It\'s in my "Top Places to Eat Pho" list, next to the one in Lowell and in Denver, CO.']
['I love Pho. I love you.\n\nPho Ga is sooooo goood. I try to go at least twice a month. Perfect for Sunday evenings after your hang over has worn off to go meet up with friends. Its fast, cheep and amazing. Its right.']
["This place gets seriously busy! Everytime I walk by it is totally full. I thought that would mean it was great. It actually means that it's full. It's ok, just fine, but it could be fresher and more flavorful, so not great and I don't understand the crowding. \nI found the service excellent though. There was someone at my table every moment. Any time I looked up, there was someone ready to take an order or get a drink or bring something. \nAnyway, it's ok, but I wouldn't wait for a table or anything and I don't expect to get a craving for it ever."]
['So Yummy! \n\nTheir Chicken Noodle Soup is Devine! Its number 24 or 25 on the menu. I think its like $6 or $7. Its large, full of flavor and very satisfying!\n\nEqually Devine is their Fried Quail! So flavorful and so, so, so good! \nIve also had the Spring Rolls- ehh decent.\nAnd the egg rolls are decent too--but nothing to rave about.\n\nService sucks--but come on, its China Town. No-1 eats in China Town expecting good service.']
["after finding a good dimsum place, i set out to find a good pho place; my two staples!\ngiven the name and after reading various reviews, i decided to give it a try.  i am not disappointed!  i even converted my husband, who's never had vietnamese food before!  \nall their dishes are great.  the soup is flavorful and the portions are pretty decent.  service is so-so but i don't let that deter me."]
["Great food noodle soup, but the special surprise was too much.\n\nI used to like coming here for lunch and getting either a great big bowl of noodle soup or a the pork chop with fried egg and fish sauce. However, the last time I went a co-worker found something somewhere it shouldn't have been. Enuff said, me sad that I won't be back."]
["With the hunger needle edging toward empty and the drunkometer pushing Jersey-lit, a couple of Yelpers and I made our way to Pho Pasteur for late night refreshment.\n\nThe semi seedy atmosphere, the faux wood laminate tables, and the table trundle of chopsticks, plastic soup spoons, and sauces all portended nostalgia of SoCal pho houses.  I respect the cow, so I had the pho ga which came with an incomplete heap of extras.  Sprouts, check.  Basil, check.  Lime. . . wait where's the lime?  Pho deprived of lime is a crime, but after a liberal dose of sriracha I had an almost-there bowl of Vietnamese soup good enough to stave off table manners and invite bent-over-bowl noodle slurping. \n\nI don't know what it's like sober, but I found the pho at Pho Pasteur quite piquant."]
["There are quite a few places downtown.  I've been here too many times to count and each time is slightly different.  The food is always alright.  The Pho is flavorful, the Pad Thai is slightly greasy but good, the summer rolls and sauce are good too.   The service is the weird thing about this place.  Sometimes they are spot on a make the experience a good one; others not so much.  But, you get what you pay for."]
["today, when I went to eat pho at Pho Pasteur, a waitress had a bad behavior with me and my friends. I didn't know why. Might be I was too young, and I am a Vietnamese so she could do that with me?\nThat was the first time and the last time I have eaten at this restaurant."]
['I love Pho Pasteur! Go here all the time. My 5 stars are for the delicious food and little else. No ambiance, service is usually lacking, sometimes it\'s crowded and noisy, not always squeaky clean. But I do not care, because the food is 100% worth it. And, the prices are great.\n\nThere are a few dishes I usually gravitate towards on this menu. First, the pho ga, which is the old standby for any Vietnamese joint. It\'s great, no complaints whatsoever. But, even better than the pho ga is the bun cha gio chay. This is thin rice noodles, cold, topped with shredded cucumber, carrot, lettuce, bean sprouts, mint, basil, and pieces of crispy fried spring rolls. It comes with a little bowl of nuoc cham to pour over the top. It is totally fantastic. The word "chay" indicates vegetarian, meaning the spring rolls specifically, but they also serve a version made with meat spring rolls. They have other varieties of bun dishes as well, which definitely merit trying. Bun is a great and under-appreciated Vietnamese food.\n\nMy other favorite dish is tomatoes and pineapple stir fried with tofu. This sounds bizarre but is really excellent. It\'s a little like a sweet and sour dish but simpler, really tasty and filling but not too heavy either. \n\nTwo more words: Avocado shake. This is amazing and you should get one immediately. \n\nDo not try to order in Vietnamese unless you speak Vietnamese. I made the mistake of trying to order bun cha gio chay this way once, and much to everyone\'s amusement, the waitress looked at me like I had 3 heads and said "what?!" loudly. It was comical. Just point at the menu or order by number.']
["I liked it when it had 3 tables and looked like a hole in the wall and before the expansion.  They always had quick service, flavorful pho, perfect for weekday lunch, early dinner or takeout after a long day at work.\n\nBut it was bound to happen.  All good places go bad eventually.  The last few times I've been, the service was dirt poor, and the pho was terrible.  Chunks of melty fat floating in grease.  Never get anything I ask for that is not part of the numbered meal (tea? glass of water? extra napkin?) Plus, they hustle you in and out; the quick service has crossed the line to trying to get you out the door.... Unpleasant.  Definite clowndown."]
["I went there to eat on July 21, 2013. It takes a lot to get me upset, and the fact that I have been here many times before with no problems that I am writing this review. Save yourself and eat at the other pho places around the corner. My husband ordered food here and he did not even get the correct order plus they tried to pass another dish off on him is totally unprofessional. Once he did get his food it was undercooked and sicken his stomach. When I ask to talk to the manager she came out and starting yelling and was rude. I held my anger in and told her I was not paying for that disgusting dish. They didn't apologize and made it seem like it was our fault. I didn't bother to let them know I spoke Vietnamese and to hear them talking about us was utterly rude. I will never go there again. Overprice for lukewarm soup and cold food."]
['Once a week I call Husband and ask him what he wants for dinner knowing full well he won\'t know and I always say, "Well, I could pick something up."  He responds, "Okay.  What should we get?"  Me: "How about some Vietnamese?"  Him: "That sounds good.  Get me something I\'ll like."  And I do.  And my evil plan works again.\n\nI wish I could stray from my favorite (#99, with noodles, not rice, please- kthx).  But it\'s just so damn good.  So good I get cravings at least twice a week.  Once for dinner and once for lunch where I actually take the train to Chinatown and back so I can get it and bring it back to my office to eat.\n\nThey have a stupendous vegetarian menu (although I wish they had more than one appetizer on there- sometimes I don\'t want a spring roll).  And although there is a slight communication barrier I feel confident that my food hasn\'t been tarnished with chicken stock- a constant problem for the vegetarians out there. \n\nAnd I know exactly what to get my husband: something with pork and noodles.  But no pho for him.  He doesn\'t like soup.  Any kind of soup.  He\'s a freak.  But that just means more pho for me.']
["Okay, granted that I was intoxicated when I went to this place. But it was on Chere's suggestion and I was so pleased to have had this wonderful meal after a kick ass Yelp Event. \n\nI had the Beef Noodle Soup and it was FANTASTIC!!! I remember Vietnamese food like it was yesterday. It was just like I used to have it back in NYC. \n\nSo, glad Chere found this place. I will most certainly be going back for more. Maybe drunk again, who knows. But I would definitely love to go back sober at some point as well. \n\nAnd for $5-6, you can't lose. You just can't!\n\n\n*** Updated 9/2 *** \nOkay so this place lost a star when they couldn't remember who I was and that I had given them my credit card and not waiting for change, but for my plastic to come back! The food is still great, just lack of knowing who sits where and what not. Same thing had happened to Chere the last time we were there, but they had charged her the wrong amount by putting her card on someone else's bill by accident. They refunded her in cash though, which was nice. But still... get your tabs straight!"]
['I love this place! Cheap, delicious vegetarian options (though please do not get the "pad thai"-it is gross-the wrong kind of noodle and not like pad thai AT ALL). The ginger and lemongrass option with rice is my favourite (or 86b). Fresh, fast, clean, good bathrooms, friendly and right there! Serves some good simple beer (though their wine isn\'t that good), has decent appetizers, and takes debit/credit cards. I would come here most likey with 4 people comfortable although there are two large round tables and a long table that one can sit by themselves or with a large group (depending on how busy it is-lunch is the busiest). Eating here is reliablely yummy. It is a NO-FAIL option.\n\nTheir red bean and coconut shake is like heaven and when I feel really sick I trek it out all the way out to Chinatown to get this glory in a cup to go.']
["I've been here for the pho a ton of times, and this is always my favorite location to get it.  I went here last night with a gang of yelpers post-dinner for bubble tea, and it was so yummy.  Normally I don't get into the bubble tea scene, but I got a pineapple and it was really yummy and wasn't so artificial as most bubble tea flavors I've had.  They lose one point for the weird interaction of seven of us standing on the street and the man taking our order being confused by us.\n\nI wouldn't have thought to go here for the boba, but it was good!  Thanks, Gise!"]
['What were we thinking? \n\nIn a fit of "let\'s try out something different and not eat at Xinh Xinh every time we are in Chinatown" we went to Pho Pasteur. \n\nWhile the decor is suitably minimal, and there are a fair number of people apparently eating, the food itself was appallingly bad. I ordered lemongrass tofu and it just a cheap nasty sauce tossed over some barely cooked vegetables and nasty tofu. yuck.  My friends vegetarian pad thai was similarly uninspired. \n\nbottom line: crap food. avoid.']
["I'm hoping that this is a one time thing but I went there with my entire family including my dad who always wants 'pork fried rice' no matter what asian restaurant we go to.  Point blank...he's really difficult to please.  But whatever, always heard wonderful things about Pho Pasteur and used to go to the old one on Newbury St and loved it.  \n\nThere are 8 of us, so we all order at the same time.  One person gets his noodles, then 10 minutes later the next, then 10 minutes later the next, so on and so forth.  So we were there for like an hour and half waiting for each other to finish eating.  I've had some great Pho and really really love it and tried to really really love it here but I couldn't.  I don't really eat beef but all I could taste was beef fat in my soup.  It was so disgusting.  I mean when you get seafood you want to taste seafood right?  I don't want to taste cow triglycerides.\n\nWell, I've been thinking about Pho a lot lately and have no where to go :-("]
["Pho Pasteur has been my Chinatown spot for many years, and I'm keeping it that way. Sure, it's probably the most gentrified location in 'hood...but that's for a reason. I like my fresh spring rolls, Tofu Pad thai, and fresh lemonade (lime). Food comes out very fast usually, and prices are perfect for casual dining out."]
["I won't be going to the Pho Pasteur in Chinatown EVER again. I've been here twice but this time is by far the worst experience. Not just Pho Pasteur but out of all the restaurants that I ate at.  \n\nAfter my sisters and I sat down they went to the restroom and the waiter came over and were about to take away the glasses of water thinking I was the only one until I told them they went to the restroom. They ordered the spring rolls and they brought her the vegetarian one instead of the chicken/shrimp. I ordered the beef noodle soup which they brought out in 5 minutes my sisters waited for almost 30 minutes for only a beef vermicelli and chicken noodle soup. Two tables which came after us already got their food while they were still waiting for their food. I had to ask about 3 different waiters where our food was.\n\nFinally when my sister got her chicken noodle soup which she asked for no pineapples and there were chunks of it in the soup. When I got the check my pho is listed as $6.25 where on the menu is listed as $5.95. I double checked the menu and I asked the waiters why there was the discrepancy and the server insisted that the pho included tax. What! Tax is supposed to be included on the total not individual items. I graduated from Hospitality and I know about tax and tipping. I paid 16% tips but now thinking about I should only put in 5-10% for the service I received."]
["Went here with a friend and was impressed by the quality of the pho broth - it was really tasty and flavorful - but nothing else. Service was bad, so we left a poor tip, only checked on us maybe once and didn't help besides the tea (which was good).\nThe big bummer was the meat. Man those cuts were gross and oily, obviously having sat out a long time. The meat was such a bummer that we swore ourselves away from ever returning to this joint despite the yumminess of the soup itself. Call me crazy, but when I want pho in C-town, I stick to the chain. I know, I know. That's stupid. But the reliability of Pho Hoa, just down the street from Pho Pasteur, to please can be trusted anywhere in the world.\nI've only tried four or five places in Boston, but of them I'd say my pick is Le's in Allston. I do not recommend this place."]
["I really like the ambience of this place. It feels like you're smack in the center of Chinatown, and the crowd that gathers to eat here are a pretty diverse bunch that range from Tufts students, community groups, shoppers, and everyone else.\n\nThe last time I stopped at Pho, i was waiting to meet my friend to see a movie at Loew's. It's easy to forget how close Pasteur is to all the amenities near the Commons.\n\nThe food is always great whenever I eat here. I especially like their wonton soup appetizer. It's a smaller portion than their giant-sized pho soups."]
["Oh man, so good. I've only ever come here to get take out so I can't speak to the restaurant experience. But I love the people here and I LOVE their food. I've since branched out from lo mein to chow foon to pad thai. Lots of veggies and meat included on the plate, one day I hope I'll have the opportunity to sit down and try some soup! They're really opening me up to the awesome that is Vietnamese cuisine. $10 usually buys me a huge plate and a drink that ends up feeding me for two days."]
["The only reason why I give this place 3 stars is because pho is pho so the food is decent (and cheap).  However, Pho Pasteur loses points on the service.  I mean, most Asian restaurants in Chinatown aren't known for top notch service or anything but they should at least be friendly.  We were waiting for our other party members to arrive but 3 different servers came by and asked if we were ready to order.  Give us a break will ya!  And when all the orders came out, one of the orders was not ours so we told them what we had originally ordered but the server just stood there as if we should take what they brought out.  Not cool.  Eventually, we did end up getting what we ordered but I think all of us was upset with our dining experience at that point.\n\nMy overall review: don't have high expectations for this place if dining (cramped inside and did I mention the service was horrible???) and do try the pho (of course), spring rolls, and smoothie drinks (fresh mango being my fav)."]
["So I have (currently) two rules for choosing dining establishments.  1) When traveling, choose the restaurant with the most local license plates in the parking lot.  2) If choosing between two similar ethnic restaurants - one spotlessly clean and the other not - choose the one begging for the health code violation.  It'll always be better.\n\nThat is NOT to say that Pho Pasteur is dirty, gross, or disgusting.  It's just  that compared to the other Vietnamese restaurants that place more emphasis on their outward appearances, the food here is much much better.  Even compared to its quasi-sister restaurant Le's (formerly Pho Pasteur) in Harvard Square, the food here is better.\n\nThe staff is quick and efficient.  You're barely in the door before they're seating you (assuming there are seats).  This place is small, so be prepared to sit next to a stranger.  It's not that big of a deal.  They bring the food out quickly, and you're in and out in no time.\n\nThere is plenty on the menu to choose from.  If you're adventurous, you can get virtually any kind of animal product in your pho.  If you're more tame, you can go with chicken or vegetarian options.  I always get the bowl of noodles with pork and a spring roll (#51).  The flavors taste so incredibly fresh and they combine together to make one of the best dishes in Boston.\n\nOh, and the prices are excellent.  You can fill up with a meal and non-alcoholic beverage for somewhere in the $7.00-8.00 range if you're so inclined.\n\nThis is by far one of my favorite places."]
['The service is so so, but it is a busy super cheap pleace. Anyway, the pho is good the broth is ok and I always get the #30 (seafood) which never dissapoints. The only downfall is that the squid and shrimp are always over cooked! The basil/sprouts are usually fresh which is nice. I LOVE their fresh rolls and you can request them with just shrimp which a lot of places wont do because theyre pre-made marinating in a fridge somewhere. Their sauces are legit, peanut sauce being my fave!']
["These guys have dropped a little in quality since the competition cropped up around them, but they still do a good job on their pho and bun dishes...(which is all I order), I'd highly recommend the beef and pork bun (rice vermicelli), they turn both the beef and pork into a candy...it's so delicious..."]
["Yeah, I know the pho noodle soup is good, probably due to a high dose of MSG and the portion looks big... but pho noodle soups are supposed to be big.  They're a bit of a cheapskate with their noodles and meats if you ask me, I know they used to give a lot more than that before.  Now it's just a big bowl filled with broth.  \n\nAnyways, I'm not gonna rave about the food because it'll just be repetitive.  If you come here and don't know the language, that's a good thing, or else you'll be pretty damned annoyed, like I was,  throughout your meal with the three-way yellings between the owner, staff, and kitchen (especially if you get a table near the kitchen/cash register).\n\nOne more thing:  their vegetarian food sucks, especially the veg pho noodle soup.  Trust me, just go elsewhere for vegetarian.  It disappoints me because Vietnamese veg can be a lot better.  I do like their fruit shakes, especially the mung bean and durian kind."]
["It is very busy restaurant, but I don't know why. I walked in because I saw it was packed. I was very disappointed. I ordered spring rolls and shrimp crispy noodle. The only thing I really like was their source for spring rolls. Crispy noodle was awful. Shrimps were overcooked, tasted like robber, and the source for the noodle had a lot of MSG.  With so many restaurants around, I definitely won't go there again."]
['The pho tasted ok, but I ended up with a stomach ache after eating it, so that\'s what resulted in the two stars. Also, there weren\'t enough noodles and the meat was very tough to chew and thickly sliced (at least for pho). I had a small bowl of beef pho.\n\nI will say that they will do almost anything to keep a customer. My friends and I were rushing to see a show at the colonial theater and decided to stop here, but we couldn\'t wait for seats to clear up so we started leaving. The lady in the front called us back telling us some seats opened up. There was a 6 people table with 2 people already occupying it and they separated it so that there was a "separate" table for my 4 friends and I. It didn\'t seem like the other couple was asked if this was ok because they seemed surprised that this was happening... I was happy for the seat, but I\'m not sure how I would\'ve felt if I was the other couple.']
["So here's a typical but very fulfilling Sunday afternoon for me lately.  Sleep in (8:30 - sad isn't it - even if I partied to the wee hours lol's), get my cute little butt to Exhale for 1 1/2 hrs of Yoga and meditation with the hottie instuctor David (see below), and keep myself motivated with my reward - A bowl of Beef Noodle Soup.    Pretty simple, Beef Broth with Noodles, Onion, and slivers of beef accompainied with bean sprouts, mint and a lime.  Yum Yum or as they say in Vietnamese Yum Yum.\n\nThis is the place to go if you want a fantastic bowl of traditional Vientamese Beef Noodle Soup.  What I like about this place is that it reminds me of my travels to Asia.  It's nothing fancy, but Dam!  You get tasty grub for just a few duckets.  \n\nNow be prepared, and be friendly.  As the way this place works is you sit where they seat you regardless.  So  if there is a party of four at a table for 6 your ass will be sitting there.  Especially if you are a party of 1.  But trust me it's worth it.  I've sat with many a friendly people, and if you are a cutie with a charming personality who knows - it's a creative speed dating option.  :)\n\nIf you can handle it go with the traditional beef noodle soup which includes all the fixin's.  Beef/Noodles/Tripe etc etc etc, yup I said tripe.  If your not the adventuresome type - go with the #22 it's just beef , noodles, parsley and onions.\n\nFinish it all off with a coconut shake!  You'll be glad you did.\n\nOh and if you are not a big eater aka big eyes small stomach as I - make sure to ask for the small bowl of soup.  Even that is enough to feed 2."]
["Pho!  Delicious!\n\nIn order to get a seat after a failed attempt a few weeks earlier, my friend and I met for a super early lunch here around 11:45am (recommended M-F) and got a seat right away.  I didn't have my coat off before the tea was on the table and we were ordering our spring rolls (very tasty).  I went with the Beef Pho, but you should be brave if you go for this, there is tripe in there among the giant pieces of beef and noodles.  I thought it was delicious and would absolutely go back.  Grand total came to 12 bucks each and there was a huge crowd by the door on our way out."]
['I absolutely love this restaurant. I\'m not sure if it\'s part of the chain that has locations in Harvard, but it\'s totally different experience.  The chain is far too Americanized for my taste. \n\nEven on the hottest days of the summer, I find myself wandering over to Chinatown for a bowl of Pho. It\'s one of my favorite, cheap comfort foods. I usually stick to the chicken soup option. As someone who loves to cook, I love that it comes with fresh herbs, bean sprouts and lime and that I can customize the flavor with other sauces. This is also great for picky eaters as the basic soup is an easy intro to Vietnamese food.  I usually order a medium, eat some and take the rest home for another meal. \n\nI\'ve tried the vermicelli options as well, just as filling and fresh. And the spring rolls are also a highlight.\n\nThis is great place to go if you\'ve got meat eaters as well as vegetarians in your party. I\'ve never had problems with the staff, though don\'t expect anyone super chatty. Be willing to wait (10-20 min) if it\'s peak dining hours. However, if the line is really long, check out "Pasteur" next door - I\'ve heard it\'s the same owners, just their second location.']
['generous pho portions. My loved one and I come here when we want relatively inexpensive comfort food to indulge and food coma in.']
['I eat here at least 3 times a month, all year long.  I am a fan of the pho but would be sooo happy if I was able to order it the way I wanted and have it arrive that way.  As it stands, if I stray from the way things are presented on the menu it usually does not work out so many of my visits center around exercising my creativity to find new and inventive ways to order my food...and see how it arrives.  Great food and good fun.']
["the beef noodle was great at the first time i was there....but the size of the bowl was not that big compare to other restaurant, eventhough I ordered large size here. Then i came in the second time, it was not that good, the soup tasted like they added more water into the broth, kind of disappointed, but i'll come back again to see how's it going.....the staff were ok...but the way they look make me dont feel like to ask for anything."]
["3 stars because nobody can match my mom's Pho but it's a nice place to go in the winter especially after skating at frog pond. The soup is yummy but they could definitely give more beef with the Pho but it's okay cause it's not that expensive and it warms my belly. The Com Suon (Pork chop with rice) is good and I would recommend ordering a fried egg with it. It is better than Pho Hoa down the block which used to be better but something happened and now it sucks."]
["I'd give this 3.5 stars.   I think this was the 2nd time eating here, and i mean its your run of the mill pho joint.  I'm from cali, so nothing compares to the quality that you get there, but i mean, great hang over cure.  \n\nThis place might have gotten a higher rating if it weren't for the fact that I was charged wrong on my cc.  They were super nice about it and everything, but thats a no no in my book."]
['Been going here for over 10 years.  My Vietnamese friends highy recommended this place.  This place is always busy, even on weekdays.  I have tried many Vietnamese restaurants in the area but this place does the job and does it well.  Great prices, too.']
["I had heard several times that Pho Pasteur had the best pho in town. Even better than Xinh Xinh I was told. I wasn't convinced because I love Xinh Xinh.\n\nNeedless to say, the pho is not better at Pho Pasteur in my opinion. The broth wasn't as flavorful, and the meat didn't seem as fresh as what I've had at Xinh Xinh.\n\nThe service is MUCH worse here than at Xinh Xinh as well. Not nearly as friendly.\n\nThe menu is smaller, with not nearly as much selection of tasty soups.\n\nI'd only come back here if Xinh Xinh was full."]
["The service is brisk, unfriendly, but fairly quick.\n\nThe food ranged from unpalatable to initially decent but quickly soured. My two friends and I all had items from the vegetarian section. I had a sweet and sour tofu soup, which was good at first, but quickly just tasted sour. Maybe if it had more thai basil it would've evened out the flavors a little, but it didn't. Also, why pack a soup full of celery, but barely any of the featured pineapple? This just smacks of cheaping out.\n\nMy girlfriend had some kind of tofu and broccoli thing which made her sick to her stomach. It smelled like dog food, and didn't go down any better. The tofu was cooked well though. It was fried on the outside but smooth and light on the inside. This technical prowess made the general lack of quality in choosing ingredients and presenting the plates more depressing.\n\nI looked around and honestly even the meat dishes didn't look much better. They looked soggy, greasy, and lackluster.\n\nThe price isn't bad, especially if you get a big bowl and split it. But why would you spend your money on it? It's not good food. Really. It isn't. It's not even a pleasant space, or good service. Why go there? Just don't."]
["We enjoyed the beef pho, also the pad Thai was good. You can't beat the price XL bowl of soup for under $8. Two people could easily share. The waiters were awesome they we very nice."]
['My Japanese fiance\'s Vietnamese classmate said this was one of the few authentic Vietnamese restaurants she\'d been to in The States, so that\'s good enough for me. I\'ve never had a bad meal here (except the one time when I was working in DXC and was on a quick lunch and after negotiating the throng of shoppers and tourists out on a summer Saturday, had to eat my pho quickly, and lightly burned my tongue). My fiance and I love the place; last time we took the Fung Wah from NYC (NEVER AGAIN!), we got right out of South Station on a cold Saturday night and went right over to Pho Pasteur. The other restaurants with this name (though most, I think, are now "Le\'s Kitchen") were related; I think the founder\'s son took over most of the franchise, and wrecked it (they\'re still good, but not as good as the original, which is actually the second Chinatown location, as the original had been across the street in the early 90s, but I digress). Everything\'s just great. if you\'re disappointed, then you probably don\'t like Vietnamese food.\n\nThat said... the glory days of this place were apparently between the 80s and the mid aughts. Also wish I\'d gotten to V. Majestic in Allston before it closed. That was apparently its one rival. Founded by a Viet Cong general who defected and came to The States. His daughters didn\'t want to take over after he retired. So now it\'s "Mt. Everest Kitchen," a Nepalese place that\'s already in decline. Or so I\'ve heard.\n\nBetter just to get on the T and hustle to Chinatown. You\'ll be glad you did. I love this place.\n\nUPDATE: Checking the poor reviews here... maybe it was just a bad night? or some bad nights? In ten years, I\'ve rarely had more than functionally polite service (last time, the time mentioned above, I had pretty bad service). The stuff about poor quality ingredients is news to me, and I wonder whether it\'s a bad day for the distributor? I hope this really isn\'t into a major decline. This is one of my favorite spots in the country, not just in Boston or even the Northeast.']
['Decided to go here since it was early on the Sunday morning. Based on the fact there there was only 2 other tables occupied, should have found somewhere else. There seemed to be only 1 person working.  Even though the food was brought quickly, it has no taste.  The only taste was from the peppers that i added to it.  The basic broth was very bland, and the egg rolls were hardly good as well.  I would not be eating here again.']
['love the pho here. tastes like it should.  and lots of mint, basil &amp; bean sprouts for garnish. a complete dive but  really satisfies major pho cravings. the rice plates and sautéed veggies are good too. and cheap!']
["Service at this place was a small mess - drinks came way at the end, initially forgot to bring mint and sprouts for the pho, then they brought us someone else's food, etc. All forgiveable, since the food itself comes out pretty fast. We did have one hell of a sour waitress who when she talked to us wouldn't make eye contact and who when she didn't talk to us gave us dirty looks. She also bitchily asked my mom to move her chair in so she could squeeze past to get to the next table, even though there was plenty of room for her to go through if she turned sideways a little bit. \n\nOtherwise, the food is good and cheap."]
['This is the real deal. So good, so cheap , so fast! But take note of where to park...we got stuck with a $15 parking tab for parking for our lunch... use the garage on Bleeker &amp; they will validate the ticket for a $6!']
["In my college career, I definitely had pho way too many times.. the $5 bowl of noodles really pulls in college students for that Sunday hungover 3 PM meal.  I was in the area one day and decided to hit up this place. After debating if I should get my usual Pho Tai over the Chicken Noodle Soup for way too long, I decided to try out the Chicken Noodle Soup.  \nIt took a while for the pho to come out which I wasn't used to.  But after that wait, my bowl of pho finally arrived.  The soup was a bit oily but the flavors were all there.  The soup was hot, the chicken was moist, and the noodles were soft enough so you could slurp it down.  The best part of the whole experience was that they gave you fresh chilis with the plate of veggies.  I don't put the hot sauce in my bowl of pho instead I use fresh chili.  I always have to ask for it and this place just gave it to us which I loveddd.\nI say this place is the best pho house in chinatown, but if you want the best in Boston area go to Dorchester."]
["No I'm not Vietnamese, but I have been eating Vietnamese food since 1985. I've not been to Vietnam but I have sampled the cuisine in Boston, Dorchester, Allston, Cambridge, NYC, Queens, Milpitas, Fremont, San Jose and San Francisco.\n\nThe Pho here is very average. The soup base is weak. The meat  is crap and they don't give you much of it. I like the thin slice on the tripe but that's about it. Other items I have tried are also a mean reverting statistic.\n\nI've had mixed service here, the range was friendly and efficient to blunt and inept. I don't mind the crowds or the noise, it's cheap but better Pho can had nearby. I only go here if Xinh Xinh and Pho Hoa II are full. In fact until Pho Thien Thien closed recently, I had not been here in over a year."]
['In summary: amazing food, generous portions, cheap prices, little or no ambience, hurried bordering on rude service, and oh did I mention the AMAZING food! I had a very filling seafood soup with the best fishcake I have ever had. The shrimp pieces was scant but the soup overall made up for it with amazingly fresh flavors. The fresh basil sprig and lime wedges they give for the table add another level of flavor to everything. The fresh spring rolls with tofu were really good as well. Go there for great value food, forget the service!']
["No better place if you have a craving for some delicious Vietnamese soup (pho). It warms the soul and cures a hangover. I've never had to wait for a table here and the food comes out crazy fast. They serve some of the best Pho in Boston, at least the best in Chinatown! The only downside is the service,  its just.... awful, but then again if your going into one of these little places in china town your certainly not going there for the service, or at least you shouldn't be. The prices are pretty cheap considering your in downtown Boston. I recommend ordering a large 22... and ask for extra lime."]
["I am very critical when it comes to Vietnamese food since my mom cooks it for me whenever I decide to come home. Well I have had other and I like this the best. When my mom  comes into town and she wants to visit Chinatown we always eat here because its almost like a home cooked meal (but nothing will ever beat a home cooked meal). The service is really fast and the food always fills me up. Also their red bean shake is good too. Since the first time I have tried it I've always had a craving for it. It's a pretty big restaurant too in my opinion since space seems very limited in Chinatown. Go here for a quick bite and the wait for a table isn't very long too during the rush hours periods."]
["I've been coming to this place for a number of years. At least I no longer have to explain to people that this Pho Pasteur is owned by a different branch of the family that runs all the Le's and has a different menu/quality. It was a good place for me to visit to get flavorful vegetarian dishes back in the day that I was one, a place to escape to when subjected to only being able to touch *possibly* one dish out of 10 at a Chinese banquet. But... I am past those days. I still order the tofu lemongrass on occasion and an order of cold rolls from here. The tofu lemongrass has a good, flavorful kick with a slightly sweet sauce, so it isn't just heat. It's a well-balanced dish.\n\nI came in today because I am a measure under the weather and needed my share of lipids. I was about to go into Thien Thien and was slightly put-off by what I had at Pho Hoa, so I'll give the old standby another shot. In the past, I'm used to the food being middling, but this time, it was significantly better than in the past. The cuts of eye rounds were massive, about the diameter of a baseball and four cuts worth. The brisket was good, being not gummy and easily flaking in the mouth, able to tear it with the tip of my chopsticks being ground together. There was only a small amount of tendon, flank, and tripe, but it was a lot of the others. The tendon was only so-so, the tripe properly prepared, but not as finely as Pho So or Pho Hoa. The ratio of noodles to beef had the noodles squarely outnumbered, just having broth, herbs, and bean sprouts to eat the remaining cuts. It's definitely neater for me to eat the yellow mein instead of the white pho, the less slick quality not splashing around that much. The broth was flavorful, not too salty, and of an average color compared to the others in the area. The bean sprouts were uncut at the tips, but clean, the plate dry, meaning it was not put under the wash and immediately thrown on the plate.\n\nThis seems to be the only pho restaurant in Chinatown that keeps chilis at the table anymore, but this is both a good and bad thing. Some were of questionable freshness, so I had to pick through the pile. It is very, very good Pho, but I wish it had more noodles.\n\nNow excuse me while I SCREAM IN PAIN because I rubbed my eye and did not clean off all the capsaicin from my finger!!!\n\nDishes to try: Your favorite pho, any lemongrass dish"]
["Food was decent.  I was surprised how fresh everything was.  The place was really on the dirty side...I almost slipped on some water (I hope) on my way into the bathroom.  Usually when a place is dirty the food tends to follow but in this case the food was very fresh and I was surprised.  Service is decent at best.  They put all our stuff down two seconds after we ordered it which I don't really like.   And there was also somewhat of a language barrier the lady thought we ordered something we did not and kinda got angry when we refused it.  Overall the food is decent and I am very happy I did not slip and fall in the mystery water.  Oh by the way...very cheap prices."]
["I'd recommend Pho Pasteur any day if you're low on funds. The prices for a bowl--a fairly big bowl at that--is great. The beef vermicelli is highly recommended. However, the service is pretty shoddy. I was unpleasantly greeted the second I stepped in, rushed to order, and the waiters and waitresses hardly cracked a smile nor did they check up to see if I was satisfied. \n\nBottom line: eat here if you're going broke, don't come anywhere near here if you want good service."]
["I've had pho and at least 50 pho restaurants.  I thought the broth was delicious although i am sure that this is less healthy than most.  The noodles and rare steak were both just ok.  Side condiments could have been fresher.  The iced coffee was very good."]
["Went here last night. My grilled pork chop looked and tasted like jerky. completely overdone and unacceptable in 2010... 2009 would've been okay."]
["I've only ever had take-out, but I like the Sprimp Cake Vermacelli and the shrimp salad. The mango shake is good too!"]
["This was the first place I had ever tried the Vietnamese soup, pho. Although this place isn't my favorite restaurant for pho anymore, it's still a good restaurant and worth a try!"]
["So after 11 years of absence from Boston, I am disappointed to see they are now a single location, only in Chinatown.  I miss the one located in harvard square.  Now I feel like it's return to it's divey beginnings.  Now don't get me wrong, I love food on all levels and I can enjoy a good local joint but tonight's meal was dismal.  Maybe there was too much expectation but cold pho is never acceptable.  It was a cold and rainy night when we arrived, we were tired and hungry and did I mention cold?  So we laughed as we entered, all the way from Cali where we have like the best pho's out there and we're here in Boston looking for a bowl.  My husband and I both remembered this chain from our academic days and figured a night of cheap local food was best to get ourselves settled in for our conference.  So sad when the bowl arrived, cold pho, never had that before and with winds howling outside we ate in silence.  My meat did not cook, luckily it wasn't raw.   Many patrons of all ethnicity came in that night and no one ordered pho, that should have been a sign.  But soup is best on a night like that so we ate our meal and left.  My first meal back here, sad."]
["The best pho in Boston served with a rich, flavorful meat broth that is absorbed by the noodles and complemented by the thinly, sliced beef.  The lines move relatively fast for this hot spot to drown your sorrows in a bowl of pho on a rainy day.  Start with their summer rolls or crispy, fried spring rolls if you're really hungry.  This place used to be even better before they expanded and focused on other locations."]
["We had this moreso dressed waiter and get the feeling he's cussing us out in his language when I asked him a question on their menu, based on his negative facial expressions and accented speech while waiting on us.  At the least his is very rude.\n\nNever going there again.  Food is mediocre."]
['Consistently great.  Every time I go here, I get quick service (at least until the food arrives, afterwards they kinda leave you alone unless you ask for attention).  The food is wonderful, and comes out very quickly.  Flavorful soups, light and tasty vermicelli dishes, and good appetizers, all at a reasonable price.  Nothing too fancy in terms of food, atmosphere, or service, but it is consistent and good and inexpensive, which can be hard to come by these days.']
["I'm not really sure why people think this place is that good.  I'm from Las Vegas and we have much better tasting pho there.  Even my boyfriend, who is Vietnamese and from Garden Grove, CA no less, thinks that we have really good pho in Vegas (even compared to the places in Garden Grove).  I think the pho here can be more flavorful and the vegetables can be more fresh.  \n\nThere are 2 things I don't understand either, the soup always comes out just warm to me and my friends every time we go.  We want piping hot soup, that can actually cook the rare steak.  My friend had to ask them to microwave hers once because it was not hot enough.  \n\nAlso, this isn't so much just Pho Pasteur, but the other couple of other Vietnamese places I have been to in Boston, why doesn't the plate of vegetables come with fresh jalapenos?  I ask all the time, and they are confused by my request and just either give me hot sauce or the tiny little chile peppers.  Hehe, I might be a snot but the taste isn't the same to me.\n\nI give this 3 stars because I am not sure where the really good pho is since I am new to Boston so I keep coming here when I crave pho, and this is fairly close to my school."]
['Oh! Pho! Where do I start? I\'ve been eating here for about six years before they had the renovations you\'d see if you went now and obviously I haven\'t stopped. The food here is really great and the prices make you smile! Depending on what you order, it will be more authentic than other dishes (think Pho Ga compared to Beef Fried Rice). There\'s a little something for everyone here, your Americanized Vietnamese food as well as your authentic, traditional dishes. It can please both the closed-minded, picky eater as well as the adventurous, cultured one. I\'ve never had a problem with the food and it hasn\'t changed at all over the years, proving that what they do works!\n\nAs for service, you DO NOT come here for it! Not that they are rude but Pho Pasteur is all about food and money. They get you in, seat you, take your orders and serve your food literally all in under 15 minutes. No joke. I\'ve never waited to sit more than 5 minutes, I\'ve never waited for food for more than 10. \n\nIt\'s a great place for lunch, to bring visitors to the city, to bring family members. I love it. I don\'t have anything negative to say about service, prices or food. As long as you know what to expect when you go into Pho, you shouldn\'t be disappointed. \n\nThe ONLY negative experience I\'ve EVER had here involved a bowl of hot Pho being spilled all over a brand new $300 winter coat I had literally had for 3 days...not that they knew that, but it really SUCKED. The waitress bumped into another one and the soup she was carrying - all over my coat. The inside, outside, the hood, down the sleeves, everywhere. All she did was panic, say "Oops! Sorry!" Start mopping the floor and throw a pile of napkins at me. Knowing the type of place I was in, I kept my cool and didn\'t expect much in reparations for their mistake. However, when they didn\'t offer to take my meal off the bill or offer any kind of reimbursement to dry clean the coat, I got quite...irate, you could say. Anyways, I marched right up to the pay counter after we received our non-marked down bill and explained that I would at least like to be reimbursed for dry-cleaning or have enough money taken off the bill to equal the costs I would incur. She threw a $5 bill at me from the register...okay? \nSo I said, take these two amounts off the bill please. She nodded - so I thought she understood. We sent the bill up with the card and she charged the FULL amount onto my friends card! I marched right up and asked for the money back. We ended up getting the money off the bill as I wanted, but I still don\'t think even in the end that they understood the implications of what they did or why I wanted money off the bill. I basically had to force it upon them...pretty sad, however, like I said, I didn\'t expect much from them. \nASIDE from this, I\'ve never had negative experiences with Pho and I WILL go back. To be honest, I\'m waiting until the winter passes so I don\'t have to go back in with my big brown Pho coat on!!!\n\nIn conclusion: Great food, EXTREMELY CHEAP, VERY FAST']
['I won\'t say I love this place, but I don\'t hate it.  It was okay.  I ordered take-out (beef ball pho) from this place two weeks ago while I was in Boston.  \nI think it\'s funny that they have Pad Thai on their menu.  I guess I never see a Vietnamese restaurant serves Pad Thai before.  May be their Pad Thai is a "Vietnamese" version?  \nAnyway, I\'ve only been to two pho places in Boston so far, I definitely like Anh Hong in Dochester better than this place.']
["Pho Pasteur is a no-fuss noodle house that is perpetually packed, and rightfully so.  The walls are dotted with plaques and various honors from Yelp :), Zagat, you name it; but the local following says it all.  Since it was a stone's throw from the Boston Opera House, where we played for two weeks in November, I ate just about every other meal here. You'll forget the florescent lights and dental office decor when your piping hot bowl of Pho Ga arrives.  I also enjoyed the Bun Ga Xao Sa Ot, Lemongrass Chicken with Vermicelli noodles.\n\nmore at Traveling Tongue\nhttp://blog.seanpatrickdoyle.com"]
["I ordered the seafood pho and was not impressed.  It was kind of greasy and tasteless.  I've had better pho elsewhere."]
["Definitely worth trying if you haven't gone.  \n\nPluses:\nvariety\nfast service - waitstaff and kitchen\ngood prices\n\nminuses:\nnot friendly\ncan be difficult to be seated"]
['Great Pho...no water.  Basically I bring a water bottle whenever I come here.  Even if you ask they wont give you water.  If you want water with your meal check out Pho Hoa.']
["Pho Pasteur when it just opened in the mid 90's was good.  Real good. \nFlavor was there.  the portions were big.  but then as they got more popular and opened more locations they started skimping.  less beef in their pho and the soup got blander tasting.  The best vietnamese food is really in Dorchester these days.  Try Pho Hoa and Pho So 1 in Dorchester.  Better proportions, cheaper, and much better tasting."]
["Is it bad that I have Pho's number in my phone? No? What if I also have a note telling me to order number 90 Spicy veg tofu curry soup in my phone too? In my defense if you have it you will understand. It is always a little different depending on the veggies they have but it is always delicious! With a heavy heaping on sembal hot sauce and lime nothing is better on a cold Boston day. The service is mediocre but the soup makes up for it."]
["This place made me a true believer of the power of Pho, and the food is good, but there are better choices in Chinatown (Xinh Xinh and Pho Hoa). I go to Pho Pasteur mainly for the convenience now; they can accommodate a large group, their takeout is really quick, and service overall isn't lagging."]
["This review applies only to the Pho\n\nThis restaurant has the best pho between boston, new york, and philadelphia. Pho is defined by the soup, which is really a beef broth, and it consistently makes this rich beefy broth that i can't find anywhere else.\n\nYou know they make it right because their soup has oil floating on top - that means they stewed meat to make their broth. Find pho without any oil? Then the restaurant is cheating on the soup.\n\nOther notes:\nService is good for an asian place. yes, I said good. For an asian place. They are hurried and understaffed, but they fix things if they mess it up\nTheir thai milk tea is pretty good. Just as extremely sugary as any other place, but it tastes like tea."]
["I paid for a woman's lunch here as surprise after I found ahead bug in my noodles. This place would get 5 stars for selection of food, prices, and eat to get to. It loses one star for through bug and it loses another star for their shitty service. Good luck trying get a glass of water. I recommend this place while eating dry food."]
['For cheap eat, it is a right place. Quality is comparable to Chinese Take out. Shame to the owner for having a very well-known Pho brand name in Vietnam and they could not even carry the quality. \n\nSpring roll tastes awful. It is Chinese egg roll. It is not even close to Vietnamese spring roll.  Too much MSG in the food.']
['Had lunch here, amazing !! Spring rolls yummy, as was the hot and sour shrimp soup, I think # 49? diced pinapple was a nice adition. Really good soup and filling.']
['This three stars are just because of personal preference.  So you cannot generate my review.\n\nI ordered vegetable pho and few minutes later I realized that was wrong decision.  I expected that boiled vegetable will be served with rice noodle but it was fresh veges in the pho noodle.\n\nI hate salad so much even though I am a girl.  I usually eat vegetable from boiled or grilled one because you can eat a lot more vege than salad.  If you boil salad, it would be almost nothing.\n\nSo those who love salad probably appreciate this pho, but I was unfortunately not that person.  The other thing was great.  This place is healthy choice of your life.']
["Love the soups and the fresh spring rolls.  The other food is good too -- their curry is mainly yellow, so eh... And their other dishes aren't bad, but they are not too great, but anything I tried there I was satisfied with.  I mean, for the price!"]
['There are those times when nothing can be more satisfying than a big bowl of hot steamy soup.  On nights like these, often after class, my friends and I walk down to Pho Pasteur on Washington.  Located on the border between Chinatown and the Theater District, in an area formally known as the "Combat Zone" it becomes very clear that you are not on Newbury.  This is solidified by looking at the prices on the menu, they are on the very low side for Boston.  \n\nTypically a meal for two with a small starter gives me change back on a $20.  The value more than makes up for the spotty service.  Expect to be seated very promptly then ignored, then have your order taken, but your entrees come out all at different times.  I have been there with a party of four and had each persons entree come out at a different time.  This can be very frustrating for those with manners who wait for all to have plates in front of them before eating.  The staff makes up for this problem, which likely originates in the kitchen, with friendliness and responsiveness.  \n\nThis place, for me at least, is all about the soup, the Pho is outstanding in my opinion.  My recommendation is to go for the Extra Large with the works - this has beef brisket, flank steak, and rare steak all sliced thin, with tripe and tendons in a hearty beef stock on top of noodles.  The rare steak is shaved so thin that it cooks while you eat.  You may be shy about eating the tripe, but get it anyways as it adds to the whole flavor of the soup.  What really separates this from other competitors is the noodles, they are snappy and never overcooked - amazing! Notable standouts on the menu are the Pad Thai and the Chao, a Vietnamese Chicken rice soup/porridge. If I even so much as sneeze I order the chao- which I am probably misspelling and I almost always mispronounce.  Also, make sure to try the quail as a starter, they prepare the wings of this rare game bird pretty savory.    Next time you are down in Chinatown and are in the mood for soup but don\'t feel like spending a small fortune on shabu make sure you try this place.']
["I just got back from having lunch here and I'm definitely a fan.  It was my first experience with pho (so I was a little nervous) but the flavors coming out of that kitchen were amazing.  It also smells insanely good in there.  The fresh spring rolls to start were awesome and the peanut dipping sauce was perfect.  I got the chicken noodle bowl and it was fantastic.  It was cheap, quick, delicious, and I'm reallllly looking forward to going back."]
["I LOVE this place!\n\nVery affordable, and attentive staff. They just recently renovated this establishment, so it has a real great atmosphere if you want to grab some grub with a friend. Lots of windows great for people-watching. Not to mention they have a TON of space (I've never had to wait for a table even when packed) -- Plus, they always let my brother and I charge our dying iPhone &amp; Blackberry phones while we eat.\n\nAll in all, Pho Pasteur ROCKS!"]
['Pho Pasteur on Washington street is definitely our favorite Vietnamese restaurant anywhere. While sometimes the service can be confused and slow, the excellent, fresh and authentic dishes make up for that by a mile. The prices are very reasonable (cheap) and the portions are enormous. We keep coming back for more and bring friends and family with us.  We especially like number 83 on the menu (the hot and sour chicken soup) and the crispy lomein. But, we have never gone wrong here.']
["I don't know very much about Vietnamese food, but the broth is delicious, the portions are ridiculously large, so what more could you want? I've only ever gotten Pho here so I can't speak for anything else."]
["Stomach grumbling, check.  Short on funds, check.  Asian food craving, check.  Being a complete tourist, I figured that going to the Chinatown stop on the T would yield some decent choices.  After climbing the caverns of the Orange line T, I started walking and eyed this rather spacious Vietnamese restaurant, Pho Pasteur!  As I sat down, I noticed the place was decently packed and had a diverse clientele.  That was definitely an encouraging sign.\n\nI had some spring rolls and a beef Beef Pho bowl.  I had no issues with either selection. They were as good as any other I've had from the left coast to the right coast.  There's nothing wrong with going with the standbys, especially for my hungry stomach.\n\nFor the food and prices I would give them 4 stars but the service (well the lack thereof) knocks them back to 3 stars.  Service was spotty at best.  I had my order taken very quickly but it took forever to get my check.  I suspect the sheer size of the place and the quick turnover of customers makes it hard on the waitresses and servers.\n\nDon't be afraid of Pho Pasteur.  Especially for a $6 bowl of Pho.  I think I'm getting hungry again..."]
["I've been to Pho Pasteur numerous times and I've tried many things on the menu. First of all, this is a Vietnamese restaurant that really specializes on pho, bun(vermicelli), and rice plates. Besides those, nothing else here is really worth ordering. The pho is pretty solid, not the best but very good. The x-large is a lot of food and the price is very fair. The bun with pork, shrimps, egg roll is also very good. The rice plates here are decent, but they've gotten progressively smaller over the years. I prefer the rice plates at Xinh Xinh. Again, I've tried other dishes here but nothing else is really worth getting. \n\nDownsides of the Pho Pasteur. The service is barely existent. The waitstaff is nice but not very attentive. The quality of the food is not top notch, but then again, for what you're paying it's actually pretty decent. Also, they've been increasing the price on items in the menu while decreasing the portion size. \n\nIf you want pho or bun, pho pasteur is a solid option."]
['I have been spoiled by the pho at boston such that it is hard for me to find the same set of standard in nyc sadly.  I would not say this is the best pho place in boston but it is one that I frequently go to with my friend.  She has the seafood noodle soup and I-either a pho or a stir-fry noodle dish.  It is THE PLACE where I also learn that putting chili paste onto stir-fry noodle dish make ANY STIR-FRY NOODLE DISH _X AMOUNT BETTER.  Plus their spring rolls with peanut sauce are delish.  BTW they sell JACKFRUIT drink here, which is something that does not come often in any nyc viet restaurant as far as I know.']
["This place is great!  The pho is delicious and really cheap.  I've been eating here for awhile and they even made the restaurant bigger in the past year because they had so much business.  I get the rare steak and meatball pho.  A small bowl is plenty and so cheap!  I love this place."]
["Came back again, but tried something that wasn't pho for the first time. Their crispy noodles are AMAZING. Not drenched in sauce, and it comes with a fantastic mix of veggies on top. And it's only 7.95!"]
['GREAT restaurant.   Order the Vermicelli. Grilled slice beef or spring roll are 2 of my favorites.   I love the soups too.  They huge.   The spices and the mint and lime and bean sprouts-- is such comfort move for me']
['Sometimes you just need some Pho.  And when I do, this is where I come.  Delish - yes, there is nothing "special" about the Pho here, except that its Pho, which is special enough in its own.  There\'s never a line, the service is very attentive, and food is delicious, and you can get in and out in under a hour.  I must say that dishes other than the Pho are not really worth making a trek for - definitely a cut below the Pho.']
["Very Authentic and Busy Vietnamese restaurant.  When they are busy , they are fresh as everybody else knows.  I love this place cuz, the soup base for the Pho is one of the best in Boston.  fresh Shrimp summer roll for appetizers are the best before your pho.  their price increased recently, but hey, isn't everything else?  so 4 star for this restaurant but 1 star for no PARKING SPACE!!!! have to circle.. hey look across the street, Penang is awesome too!!"]
["This place serves authentic Vietnamese food that's cheap, fresh and flavorful. Their salads and vermicelli are refreshing in the summer, the Pho or fried rice are satisfying when it's chilly out and the fresh rolls are perfect anytime. No frills here - just super fast, delicious food."]
["Always crowded but it was just ok not the very best good for if you can't decide where to go."]
['Cheap, yummy, fast - I\'ve ordered small bowls of Pho and taken home enough leftovers to have lunch the next day.    \n\n\n(I don\'t get all the whinging about the service.  What about Pho\'s decor, menu or prices makes you think you\'re going to get fawned over and have your butt kissed?  That\'s ALMOST as dumb as complaining that some menu items have "seriously asian ingredients" - you did know you were in Chinatown, right? )']
['Pho Basil is okay and just around the corner from me, but I still take the little trip to Pho Pasteur for the best Pho in Boston.  The giant bowls are awesome.  The service is always good, no complaints there.']
['I lived in Vietnam for years and I can tell you this is the real deal. Delicious, authentic, and delightfully affordable.']
['To me, the great food in this restaurant was countered by terrible service: they completely forgot to serve me my meal. They brought everyone else\'s food, but forgot mine. I had to request it all over again, and started eating when everyone else was halfway done. They also failed to bring me the glass of water I requested, and I had to ask for this again.\n\nIn addition, they never came to the table to see how we were doing, nor showed any real customer service skills at all.\n\nThe food was very good though, which saves this from a "one star" rating.']
["Very poor pho for a place with pho in the name and in Chinatown.\nAlso, this is the only Pho Pasteur I've been to which doesn't serve beef loc lac (cubed tenderloin), which is a fantastic dish."]
["Staff is overworked, but very accommodating and helpful.  If you like Vietnamese food, you'll like Pho Pasteur.  Although it has become a very popular place, the food has not suffered.  It has a tendency to get a bit loud, but it is a terrific place for lunch.  I only wish my office were a bit closer to Chinatown."]
['The food is amazing, but the service is blah. We once had to ask four times for water, while two others next to us received water the first time they asked. And they received a huge cup of water, unless us. I think this store discriminates against the young.\n\nPros: good pho most of time\nCons: horrible service']
["I have not eaten here, but I felt that I should clarify: They DO NOT deliver. I just called to have meals for three people and the woman who took my order said that they don't."]
['i was trying to enjoy a delicious bowl of pho with sum long time friends.  we were sitting enjoying our meal. there was noone sitting behind me in this tight quarters. then a party of two sat behind me. one of them snagged my wallet from my bag. after enjoying a slightly fulfullin meal. i went to reach for my wallet....it was gone. and so was the party of two. i emptied my bag. put everything back. checked my pockets, NOTHING! checked the table and floor...NOTHING! told the staffa and asked for assistance....NOTTTTTHING! NEVER AGIAN WILL I ENTER THIS POOR EXCUSE FOR AN  ESTABLISHMENT!!!!!']
["hands down pho pasteur is the best pho place in boston.\n\ni don't care if the service sucks. i don't care if i get crammed in the middle communal table. i don't care if they ignore me. i don't care.\n\nthe pho delivers."]
['This place was my first ever to Pho experience, over a decade ago. Used to be on Kneeland St., I think, back when this was the "combat zone." Still my favorite. I love pho. Price has gone up and it is no longer the best bargain of Boston that was long years ago, and I remember it expanded to Allston, now the Le\'s... and I think there is an argument to be made which is the best pho (chains) in Boston, Pho Pasteur, Chef Le\'s (spin off of Pho Pasteur) or Pho Hoa - I am sure there are others. I still go back there when I have chance.']
['taste is not bad for pho if i compare to others. Serving is fine. i want to give them 3.5 . i went here couple times and, doing take out couple times as well. some waitresses might need to give more friendly to customers. Overall, fair!!!']
["the food is good. flavorful. very good selection. great value.\n\nbut the service leaves alot to be desired. same with the decor. \n\nthey have a great selection of beverages. although i didn't sample any, i can't imagine they'd be bad. maybe next time."]
['beef broth soup with noodles and rare steak.. yeah best soup ever just saying.']
['One of the best of the cheap stuff in Chinatown.  The place is a little run down but you cannot beat its value for the price.  Check out the beef noodle soup.']
["This place is good, not great but good. Of course everything is relative and personal opinion. Compared to Pho restaurants in California, this place is bad. But for Boston it's very good. Thus I am averaging and giving it 3/5 stars. The food is good but not great. With regards to the pho, the soup is often instant tasting and older broth. For the record: fresh broth does not have a taste that lingers n your mouth for hours. The noodles are ok. The other side dishes are alright but nothing special. However in Boston Vietnamese food is limited so you can't be really picky."]
["I am not very impressed at this place, but my friend love their noodle soup. Last time we had their noodle soup is the last time we went there, since we found a big bug in my frend's soup and we stil get charged. Big turn off! I went to the harvard location few times, they have better service."]
['A great deal for low to mid priced food, the pad thai and the vermicelli are right up there with the best in the city, the soups are also good if you care for vietnamese soups, if not it takes a bit to get used to the straight out of Saigon authenticity. It closes pretty early both during the week and on the weekends.']
['Its worthy of of 3.5 stars. \n\nGot here 20 minutes before the lunchtime, noon crowd. Didn\'t have my jacket off before one server asked if I was ready to order...maybe they were preparing for "the rush" \nOrdered the basic Pho Ga - chicken soup. It couldn\'t have been more than one minute before the large bowl was sitting in front of me. \n\nFlavor: good \nFreshness: very good (surprising, since it came out so quickly) \nService: good. I watched others get the very quick, maybe too quick, "order now?" \n\nI shall return to try many other items on the menu.']
["I sometimes go here on lunch break. I like it cuz it's cheap, fast, and tasty. I usually get the chicken noodle soup or shrimp lo mein. I highly recommend coming here on a cold winter day, but they do have some cold noodle dishes that are great in the summer, as well. If you go, expect it to be busy, don't expect much service from the waitstaff, and expect to be hungry two hours later."]
["I love the little Vietnamese ladies who make me pho, no matter how cranky they are! They practically serve it by the gallon for under $8. So unless you plan on feeding all of Southeast Asia, avoid anything larger than a medium. A small chicken pho not only equals 2-3 meals, I swear it has medicinal properties. Seriously, I'm pretty sure it cures cancer."]
["This was the original pho restaurant back in the day. It's still good, but not what it used to be. Still one of my top choices when I go to Chinatown. Authentic Vietnamese for sure. Even some of the same ppl from over 15 years ago are still working there."]
['my chinatown vietnamese spot.  i rarely come to this one.  the harvard square spot is more convenient for me.  but the nice thing about this one is that besides pho, they have bun bo hue which is my all time favorite noodle soup.  beef, spiciness and round rice noodes - it is pretty good here (of course not as good as mom\'s).  \n\nnote:  if you want to sound more authentic don\'t pronounce pho "fo" -w/a long "o"-, but "fuh" -like the beginning sound of the curse word-']
["This is one of the original Pho Pasteur's from the chain that's all over Boston.  Alternate locations in Harvard Square and Newbury Street.  This location in Chinatown off Washington Street, is my favorite though.  Small in comparison and a local favorite.  Its always busy and thus the service is sometimes lacking.  The food is always fresh, fast and tasty.  Plus this location has the wonderfully refreshing Mango Shakes that I can definitely crave."]
['When hungry and poor, head to Pho Pasteur for delicious foods in abundant proportions at a low price.  This has to be one of my favorite places for lunch in Chinatown.  I espeically love the vietnamese salads and soups... they taste so good and seem pretty healthy too!  Check it out if you in a hurry to see a movie...the service (though not the best) is always fast...']
['Its the real deal for a hearty bowl of chicken or flank! Yummy']
['Yep..just not as good as pho hoa. Pho Pasteur does have locations however in the major parts of Boston and Cambridge and you always know what you are getting. The one in Harvard square has a much better atmosphere though slower service.']
['went here because i was missing my vietnamese food.  waited about 15 minutes for a single table large enough to accomodate the 7 other people i was with.  very excited during the wait--every time the inner door opened &amp; closed, i could smell it &amp; it smelled like authentic viet food!  prices were cheap, pho was about $5 for the small bowl and tasted just like home in one of the biggest chinatowns in the US.  service was ok as good as it could be in that busy place.  mix of patrons, very diverse in terms of age and ethnicity.  would go back for a cheap viet fix.']
["This is where my family goes for pho whenever we're in Boston.  This Vietnamese institution has all there is to offer for pho.  Right on Washington Street merely a block away from the Chinatown T stop."]
["I went here last night for a pre-movie meal with a friend, and I was not disappointed in the least. Service was fast and friendly. We got the lemongrass chicken with rice and the shrimp pad Thai, which was a lot of yummy food for $15. Good tea, too! I'll definitely come here again."]
["Came here during a vacation with my boyfriend for a quick pho fix and i have to say - we're biased for the pho than brothers chain so famous in seattle, so we're sort of a hard crowd to please - but Pho pasteur really shut us up. Variety in the menu, delicious broth and the pho was up to par with what's in seattle. If i lived in Boston, that would definitely become my frequent stop. i'm also pleased see that the diversity of diners in boston's pho resturants is comparable to that of the pho restaurants in seattle. high five for boston pho :)"]
["LOVE Pho Pasteur!  I miss it very much!\n\nEverything on their menu is good.  However, my regular is the chicken Pho and shrimp spring rolls.  The pho is perfectly spiced and has very moist chicken.  I've gotten it with before as well, which is just as good.  My girlfriend and I used to split their chicken/peanut noodle dish, which was fantastic.  Portions are huge and the restaurant is very inexpensive.\n\nOh Pho... I wish you were in Chicago."]
["The food here is excellent. It comes quickly, and tastes great. The price is great and quantity generous. They have many good Vietnamese noodle soups as well as regular entrees. Some people complain that the ambience is too bare; it is simple, but it does't take away as people make it out."]
['BIG NOODLE bowls. for 6 bucks. Price and taste unbeatable. go here if you want to bring a date to somewhere good but dirt cheap!']
["God I love PHO!  You know it's good when the noodles don't break easily.  Yeah, the chopsticks are a little sketch and you wonder why all the condiment bottles are sticky but that's how it's gonna be.  I love it.  I had tea wich was yummy.  I love the spring rolls with peanut sauce.  So fresh and delicious.  I would drink the peanut sauce if I didn't use all of it to douse my spring roll in.  I got the Pho with the rare round eye steak and I cannot wait for the next time I go for some more.  The portions are always gigantic and the food comes out almost as you're ordering.  yeah, it's kinda sketchy but that's how it's done."]
["What makes a great Vietnamese restaurant is their fish sauce and soup base. This place has the most flavorful fish sauce, right combination of sweet, sour, and spices. Other places I've tried are weak and watered down. I wish I knew their secret! I've only tried v-mese restaurants in Chinatown and this is my go to place! I don't go anywhere else. Every time I go, all the ingredients are fresh and abundant. My favorite dish is #59 Bun Tom Thit Nuong Cha Gio ($7.25) the grilled pork, shrimp, fried spring roll over rice noodles accompanied by bean sprouts, basil, mint, lettuce, and their famous fish sauce. I order this dish every single time and I never get bored of it! I also tried the XL Beef Noodle Soup #12 which I could never finish and the soup base and various cuts of meat are Delicious! As for appetizers, you never go wrong ordering the the fresh or fried spring roll ! I also love their avocado shake-oh-so creamy and sweet! During busy hours, your lunch or dinner get expedited quickly as well as you being rushed by waiters because it's a very popular place and they want to serve as many customers as possible so don't expect to lounge around during busy time. Highly recommend it! I'm a repeat customer for years! Lucky for me, my work is a 10 min walk away for a quick healthy lunch!"]
["Why does every pho joint in Boston operate in mediocrity? Pasteur is no different AND it has long lines. I tried the pho tai, and nope... didn't do it for me. The bon bo hue is actually pretty good, though. The bun they use is cooked al dente, which is how I like it. The shakes (sinh to) are pretty good too... get the avocado one."]
['The food is good and the price is cheap.  I used to have the noddle soup before taking chinatown bus to New York City.  The portion is quite large and tasty.']
["Had been a customer there for a long long time but today (Aug 18th) visit was the worst service I have ever seen. The floor of the restaurant was coated with this slippery substance all over and we almost tripped. Then the waiter walking by with beers tripped and poured beer all over us. No apologies, nothing from the staff, just moved us to another table (floor was just as slippery). Water wasn't served to everyone. then the order of pork and vegetable became teriyaki beef and vegetable. needless to say, no tip for the waiter.\n\nFor the final piece, the soup has been more and more watered down. After adding the bean sprout, soup just doesn't cut it..."]
["As pho goes, this place was decent. It's better than Le's but not nearly as good as Pho Viet's in Allston, my all-time favorite. I had the seafood pho, which had about two pieces of chewy squid, two pieces of imitation crab, two pieces of shrimp, and a few pieces of fish cake. A little disappointing! What I did enjoy quite a bit, however, was their fresh lime soda - sweet, tangy, and completely refreshing.  Mmm, mmm."]
["Call me crazy, but my lunch there today was about the most horrible thing I've ever seen.  No kidding.  I ordered the beef pho without the tripe or 'tendon'.  I'm not really sure what they brought me, but it took me nearly 15 mins to remove all of the revolting fatty pieces of some sort of animal that didn't look like beef.  After I removed it all, just looking at that huge pile of fat on the plate killed my appetite.  I'd recommend ordering just about anything but what I got..."]
["I tried this place my first day in Boston, had Lo Mein which was disappointing, so for the longest time I didn't go back. But recently, I went back and had their Shrimp Pad Thai which was great, actually better than some of the Thai places. So, I had their Pad Thai with chicken and beef and shrimp and they're all delicious. BUT, my last visit both my friend and myself found hair in our food which was a huge turnoff..."]
['Vermicelli bun with grilled shrimp (eat with the shell on for a crunch!) or fried tofu, or pho in general is pretty delcious.  And stuff here is cheap!  Not too much better than catching dinner here after work and then going to the movies around the corner at the Common.']
['Great food, terrific soup that warms your whole body.  It is inexpensive and the food is fresh.  The only downsides are the bathrooms and the tight seating.']
["This is my favorite Pho Pasteur location.  It's very low key but features the same excellent noodle soups that you can flavor with the bottles of plum and hot sauce sitting on the table or with the fresh bean sprouts and Thai basil they bring out with your soup.  It's just a short walk from the Chinatown stop, CHEAP, and they are in no rush to get you out the door. (Or at least they weren't on a Wednesday night).   And other than my mother's kitchen, it's also the only place where I'll happily substitute chicken broth for vegetable broth- it's just that good."]
["yeah ill leave off the last star for the fact that they give you substandard service, and the fact that I found i hair in my ramen one time.... other than that..... this is some good eats. its quick, convenient, and the bowls are so damn big you'll be full for a week."]
['I have been to many Pho places and none of them hold a candle to Pho Pasteur! The food here is the freshest there is! The prices are great.']
["I have to say that every time I go to Pho Pasteur, I try to go with an open mind and erase any past experiences with the hope they'll have changed their ways.  Unfortunately, that has yet to happen.  I'd say their pho was just alright and I've had much better Vietnamese rice and noodle dishes at other restaurants.  What really puts the nail in the coffin is the incredibly poor service and lack of warmth.  One time, there was a dead fly in our pho... guess what?  No discount or comp of any part of our meal.  Barely an apology either.  Thumbs down to that!"]
['Good food. We had 24 which was chicken soup and very good. Also 14 beef pho which was also good. The broth in all soups was rich and yummy. The service left a lot to be desired. We had to seat ourself and were not attended to for 15 at least and we went at 1130 am. The service or lack-therefor of is why it gets 3 stars instead of 4.']
['First pho place where they include more meat than noodles.  Combined with hot rooster sauce, the taste cannot be beat.']
['" Another filthy, Chinatown, restaurant, with the usual bad service.  If you want to risk eating here, the food is cheap and not bad, however, as most restaurants, they have been cited by the board of health.  I just read a review where a woman, found a live insect in her food, that was enough for me never to go here again."']
['BEWARE of the "Dragon Lady" at this place.  You can\'t miss her since she\'s the one acting as the hostess.  She\'s the one obviously directing traffic because you HAVE to sit where she tells you.  If not, then her wrath unveils an attitude that will leave you feeling like a reduced pile of ashes (charred twice).\n\nMy boyfriend and I went here twice and both times, left very disappointed other than agreeing that the Pho itself was just ok (way too greasy and fatty) and that the dragon lady was scary.  After we were rushed into our seats, we were handed the menus which were sticky and greasy.  We hadn\'t even had a chance to open the menus before the server came over to get our orders.  We ordered water and asked if we could have a few minutes to decide, but the server seemed irritated at the fact that we weren\'t ready.  When he came back with our drink orders he asked if we were ready.  We then ordered and the server kept interrupting us by trying to finish our sentences.  After that, he gathered up our menus and rushed off...not to be seen again until our food arrived- 30 minutes later.  By that time our tiny glasses that our waters were in were empty, but our server rushed off before we could ask him for refills.  We never did get any refills and water seems to be a rare commidity there.\n\nAbout half way through, our server then shows up and slams the bill on the table and asks if we\'re ready to pay.  By this time, my fiance and  I are fed up and frusterated, but determined to finish our food.  After we\'re done, we get up and as we\'re putting on our jackets, the server comes back over and starts to clear off the table to hurry and seat the next victims of the "Dragon\'s Lair".\n\nAs we\'re standing in line to pay- the Dragon Lady decides to take a short cut between two tables instead of going around them to seat more people.  In the process, she hip checks my fiance nearly knocking into another patron and doesn\'t even bother to stop and say, "excuse me, so sorry".  Nope, she instead, just turned around and glared at him like how dare he stand there.\n\nBottom line, this place sucks unless you\'re a glutten for punishment and demoralization as well as not so fresh food.\n\nBAH!  Never again!']
["When i am low on cash (as in when i have 30 dollars to my name) i hit chinatown for some cheap--but unbelievably delicious and filling--foods. And Pasteur is my restaurant of choice. Usually crowded and loud, but always delicious. I'm a biiig fan of pho and their pho is the absolute best (gets even better when you look at the prices). The service isnt fantastic (they forgot my friend's order) but it's just because of the crowds i think.\n\nThis place is perfect for a cold winter day."]
['Meals come fast, and the food is really good. Must say this is one of the best Pho places in boston- for taste, especially of the beef soup with noodles. You have to watch out, because your clothes always end up smelling like your food for the rest of the day.']
["We were hungry, roaming the streets of Boston Chinatown, looking for something to do the body good.  We walked almost in a circle when we came upon Pho Pasteur.  It was a sign from above.  The food was decent priced when scanning the menu, but as soon as we received our food, it was worth it in quality and quantity.  The Pho was huge and the noodle had a great texture (bouncy/chewy).  The soup was to die for.  Flavored to the max! (As though cooking the soup for a day)  The grilled pork on rice was delicious also, marinated to it's tasty self."]
["I would love this restaurant if the people who worked here wern't so stingy and snotty. The food is really fresh and crisp (thats a good way to describe it) always healthy. They however seem to skimp out on the meet in most orders which often leaves me still hungry. The Newbury Street location espeically has a horrible wait staff."]
['Yum!  Pineapple shake was a high point of my life.  Best shake ever.  The Tofu Hot and Sour soup was super rich and sooo good.  Restaurant was packed at lunchtime and our food came out in under 10 minutes.  Cheap and great.  Go.']
["6 dollars for a HUGE bowl of Pho, ladies and gentlemen that is what i call amazing. Their is rarely a wait but the place is usually full. The spring and summer rolls are a favorite and even though there are all sorts of Pho, you can't go wrong. I usually go with 15 Large."]
["Cheap and fast. Yet delicious ! Ask for #12 if you are adventurous enough (tripe, tendon, brisket.. yum) and hungry enough. The bowl is friggin huge ! With a bit of the hot sauce and you start sweating like you've a hypothalamic disorder ! It's best to quench that fire with a B4 ( iced vietnamese expresso with condensed milk...yum yum)."]
["Pretty good Pho. Generous portions. They have really yummy crepes for appetizers. In general pretty solid food. Service is nothing to mention. They seem chaotic. In general you get good food at a reasonable price, but don't expect friendly attentive staff. They get the job done."]
["i like it because it's very convienience for me. my fave is grill shrimp vermicelli and, of course, the fresh spring roll."]
["Hands down the best pho in town! The food is great and the prices are too. I like trying other things besides their pho, but when in doubt the pho will always be good. I like to get their red bean shake, it is so good! The only thing I hate is that they pay attention to certain people more, thinking they would get more tip. One time I was with my girlfriend and we couldn't get any service, because one table had 3 waitress caring for them...."]
["It's a great place if you're budget-minded and you have an appetite for pho.  We usually stick to our favorites - fresh spring rolls, shrimp (Vietnamese) pancake (more like an omelet), noodle soups (ga) and vegetable and tofu soups. Like many other Chinatown eateries, it's a hole in the wall and the service is overly eager to take your order.  We usually order one course at a time to feel not overly rushed, despite the wait staff's constant vists to our table for the complete order.  For the harried service, I docked them 1 1/2 stars.  It's a solid 3 1/2 stars but I'll keep coming back to have noodle soup!"]
['I get the same thing each time--pho and basil roll--and it is amazing each time. The service is nothing special, but I came here to eat, not to be pampered. Good amount of food for the price, and I always leave with a warm and round belly.']
["I really like this restaurant, the food and the prices.  What I detest is the way they assembly line treat you as a customer and the bum rush they try to get you abide by.  Today at lunch I was seated at a table with another gentlemen I did not know.  We split the table - not the bill.  It took way too long to get a glass of water, but I assure you I had the check before I was even half-finished with my meal.  Upon paying the check, they hurried me out of there before I could even have a moment to digest my food.  Not that there was a line or anything, they just wanted the open table.  As much as I like the food, I doubt I'll ever go back."]
['Order fresh spring rolls, grilled beef vermicelli or a beef soup. 1order is enough for 2.']
["great pho, fast service...perfect for a cold winter's day....all really good"]
['The Fresh Spring Rolls are the best in Chinatown. The side of Hoisin sauce with crushed peanuts and thin julienne carrots that come with the rolls is yummy. If you go, please have the rolls, you wont be dissapointed. Now food......Soup is the way to go here. I usually get the thin steak with tripe, etc. The soup has everything in it, except the kitchen sink! The soups are accompanied with a side of bean sprouts and mint. Meat is usually floating on top, rare with a very hot broth, as you stir it all in in will cook through right away! There is extra Hoisin sauce in the table. Perfect to pour some in the soup or just eat with the steak pieces. Portions are huge, you will need a bed after you are done...']
["Walking around Boston, shopping, and the freezing cold blistering winds. Well, Pho would do the trick I thought. And since the service at Pho Hoa was quite lacking as I remembered the last time being there, I decided to go to Pasteur instead. Mistake. In the course of being there for under an hour we had three waiters. For some odd reason, they assume you will be ready to order right when you sit down. The cold has not left my face, I've yet to figure out what I want to eat. All of the waitstaff seem to have this attitude, as if we dragged them there to work or something. Yes, we specifically told the owners to hire you to a job you don't do so well. Service sucked to say the least. And the food was quickly following thereafter. The Xe Lua wasn't skimpy, but...the taste. Hm, just very...nothing. It's hardly worth it even if the price is very reasonable. Spring rolls are the worst I've tasted in my life. The taro shake was good, but still ice chunks in it...I can overlook it. But, definitely never going to this place again."]
['Awesome, went to pho hua for years, but i recently discovered pho pasteur is significantly better.']
['Amazing.  Pho is mandatory for hangovers.  Fried Rice is bomb.  Spring rolls are tasty.  Prices are cheap!']
["I always come here when I eat in Chinatown.  It's incredibly affordable, quick service, DELICIOUS food in big portions and piping hot.  The atmosphere is bland, but it's all about the food and the company."]
['4 stars for the delicious pho (very solid), but less than zero stars for the bubble tea.  I tried this place because all the usual spots were closed (Bao Bao, etc), and it was terrible.  I ordered a thai iced tea with boba, and the tea was sickeningly sweet, and the bubbles were hard and chewy.  Gross.']
["i think pho pasteur gets a solid 3.5 stars, but in the absence of fractional stars i'll go ahead and give it the four stars. freezing and starving today after taking a class at downtown crossing, i rushed over to chinatown for something filling and cheap. pho seemed to fit the bill.\nthe restaurant was full, and yet there was no wait to be seated. they cram a lot of people in there without it seeming crowded. tea was served within seconds, and only a moment later i had ordered the small beef bowl with rice noodles. the bowl of soup arrived, complete with a separate plate of lime, basil and bean sprouts, and i devoured every noodle, every piece of beef tendon, every slide of beef cooking slowly in the hot broth, and yes, the tripe too. an extremely satisfying lunch, and the whole experience lasted less than 25 minutes, getting me back to class in the nick of time. i highly recommend pho pasteur if you happen to be in the mood for pho, and in a bit of a rush as well. \njust off of a couple experiences at both restaurants, i'd have to say i prefer pho pasteur over xinh xinh, but that's no reason not to try both on several consecutive days ::wink wink::"]
['Awesome noodle (and rice) soups. The vermicelli with pork is great also.']
["The best place in Boston for a decent bowl of pho noodles.  I always order #11B (although it's greasy) since the regular types of beef noodle soup does nothing for me (the regular soup tastes too much like it's from a can rather than being made from fresh ingredients after hours of simmering). #11B however is exceptionally satisfying with its rich broth that really clears the sinuses and packs a punch to your tastebuds. I like my food spicy and this really fits the bill. Nothing beats a warm, steaming bowl of noodle in soup on a cold and drafty Boston evening. On warmer days, try #57 Vermicelli with grilled pork and prawns; it's very refreshing and a great way to stimulate the palette on muggy afternoons. The service leaves much to be desired though - they seemed particularly annoyed with singletons who needs a seat during their busier hours. If not for the taste of their food, I would not put up with such treatment from the staff. The spring rolls are also excellent (bbq pork with shrimp) and surprisingly filling as a meal on its own."]
['biggest pho bowl you will find for the price you pay for pho when you eat out.']
["I heard that the pho was the sheeztnatch (sp? I am not nearly young enough to know how to spell this one) in this joint.  I have been here a couple of time, but opted not to have the pho.   I can only tell you that the fried rice is not as spectacular as even most Chinese ghetto takeouts.  The beef vermicelli was just so-so (I judge every Vietnamese place on this one).   I didn't taste the summer roll but it didn't look like it was born yesterday.  Last week, perhaps."]
['Rude staff.  Mediocre pho.  Stay away.']
['yummmmmy.\ni went here with a couple friends before seeing a movie up the street.  we kind of awkwardly told the server that we had a small time-frame to work with and she got us in and out really quickly even though it was a relatively busy night.  so i appreciated that.\nand the food was awesome and very appropriately priced.\nveggies tasted fresh and my dish was really spicy, but not painfully so.  \ni would definitely go back again.  fun times....']
['this restaurant is owned by a good friend of the fam. best Viet food in town. quality food, quality service, and quality prices. what more can you ask for?']
['excellent, but just not quite as good as pho hoa, which is really close by, which is why i give it a 4 instead of a 5!']
['Love their seafood soup so much- I fantasize about their broth.  Yummy cheap cheap low cal food- does it get better than this? Love the crispy spring rolls too!']
['Having frequented the Harvard Square location (now called Le\'s) and been moderately pleased there (3.5 stars), I was very disappointed w/ this outpost of the ubiquitous Vietnamese pho chain(pronounced "fuh," which is noodle soup to the unenlightened, see http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pho). I had the curry chicken pho...it tasted like BLAH. vegetables were too raw, chicken was tough, and it was like having a big bowl of curry water (notice, not curry chicken water). Friend had the bun w/ bbq chicken, which was a\'ight though it could have used more of the fresh herbs, and I prefer it w/ more lettuce (a la Saigon Grill in NYC). I suppose I shouldn\'t have high expectations for under $6 per person..most would say its a value w/ the portions as big as your head, but if I come away feeling unsatisfied w/ the tastiness then that was a waste to me. Service was shoddy, as would be expected from these types of budget-friendly, divey places.']
["The food comes out fast, which is great if you're in a hurry.  The dishes are also quite tasty, although my meal was partially ruined by the fact that I was able to taste detergent in my dish."]
['Excellent food, clean place, good service and price is very reasonable! what more do I expect for a restaurant? Pho Pasteur is my favorite specially the location is very convenience for people like me who working t downtown Boston']
['Excellent Beef Noodle Soup, fresh basil and sprouts, and more meat than typical in Vietnamese Restaurant.  Inexpensive.  Very busy during peak hours - get there early or late.  Credit/debit cards accepted.']
