['Everything about this place is great! The ambiance, decor, set up, is very sleek and hip. The service is friendly. The food was amazing! I ordered the special which was some sort of pasta with broccoli rabe and braised lamb. It was very very good. My boyfriend ordered spaghetti with the pomodoro sauce (the sauce was very tasty) and his son got the margharita pizza. He almost ate the whole pizza but got full with one slice left. \n\nI would definitely come back!']
['Slow start, but overall "yum"!\nHad a reservation for 4, but still had to wait 30 minutes. Waiter brought the table an order of bruschetta as a conciliation - excellent.  Also shared a calamari appetizer and an order of the Rosemary bread, both of which were very good. \n\nTried the Risotto white pizza and the Caesar salad for dinner, which was very satisfying. Finished off with the cannoli (labeled \'mini cannoli, but actually a plate of 3 small cannoli). \n\nHighly recommended.']
["Really yummy! I've been meaning to explore the food culture of Davis more, and I'm glad this was my next stop.\n\nI came here in a group of four with a reservation, but alas most people were late -- however the hostess was extremely kind about it. The restaurant also wasn't very busy at the time (6pm Thursday in the summer) which probably helped. \n\nEverything looked so delicious! I had the gnocchi with braised short rib, which was very rich. The gnocchi were so soft! My only complaint is that I wish I had something to sop up the sauce, as the gnocchi were gone too quickly to help with that task. I also had el gose (Avery Brewery), and was pleased with the giant variety of funky beers on draft and in bottles. Impressive!\n\nAll in all a great dining experience - very fast service and delicious food. Would recommend! My only advice being that if you are hungry, some of the pasta dishes might not be as filling as a whole pizza."]
['My family and I was visiting Boston and wanted to try an Italian restaurant before we go.  We heard great things about Italian cuisine in Boston.  Everything we tried was delicious. Gnocchi with beef, meatball appetizer, riceball appetizer and the wood oven pizzas were all good. Service was friendly and washrooms were very clean. \nHighly recommend the fried rice ball with cheese appetizer. \nThe outdoor seating is a decent size too.']
["POSTed up here for dinner and it was delicious! Pappardelle was wonderful and the apple cider sorbet was very unique. Service was astonishingly quick. If you're looking for chicken parm though - they don't have it. \n\nHighly suggest dining here :)"]
["We visited on Friday night because I had a serious craving for pasta. We have lived down the street from this place for 2 years, and it was our first visit!\n\nThe host and our server were very friendly, though they seemed a little overwhelmed and inexperienced. The complimentary crispy breadsticks helped curb our hunger. \n\nThe pizza looked and smelled outstanding, but I stuck to my pasta craving and ordered the gnocchi with ragu. It was melt-in-your-mouth delicious---I only wish there were more gnocchi! There was a lot of sauce and not much pasta. The ragu sauce was delicious, except for the big chunks of celery in it. My partner had the special, which was a type pasta I can't remember the name of with scallops and a wine garlic sauce. Oh my god it was good.\n\nWe ordered a side of the rosemary bread to soak up the pasta sauce, which gave us an idea of what the pizza would be like. It was basically pizza crust with Parmesan. It was fluffy and crispy and so delicious. The wine selection was pretty good too. We will definitely be back!"]
['On the Elm St. edge of Davis Square sits a classy, high ceilinged, triangle of a building serving up rustic Neapolitan Pizzas and great pasta. I walked by this "spot" for years, but finally tried Posto and was quite impressed by the food, ambiance, and service. Highlights for us were the short rib gnocchi and sausage pizza.\n\nPosto has a large selection of local beers on tap, and classy cocktails including a lemon sorbet infused Sgroppino - highly recommended, especially on a hot day where one can sit al fresco along Elm Street. Instead of bread, Posto serves long, narrow, and crunchy breadsticks that quickly disappear from the table. For mains, we ordered the sausage Neapolitan pizza - fresh cheese and tomato, and fluffy crust with tasty sausage - an authentic Neapolitan pizza. We accompanied that with the short rib gnocchi - very tender meat atop homemade gnocchi in a delicious sauce. The food came super quickly and waitstaff were very efficient. \n\nQuite a few tables inside, and a nice bar circling the pizza oven, but reservations recommended.']
['Burrata - 5/5 I will be back for the Burrata. One of those unforgettable dishes combining the richness of burrata, sweetness of honey roasted peaches and tartness from prosciutto. Used the pane (basically pizza crust) to make sure the plate left the table empty of any possible deliciousness.\n\nGnocchi pasta - 4/5 Soft melt in your mouth feel of the pasta is the highlight with a rich and tasty red wine sauce.\n\nSgroppino cocktail - 4/5. Very well balanced cocktail\nsangria blanco - 4/5. solid light sangria\n\nTiramisu - 4/5. Massive portion, marscapone heavy flavor\nLimoncello tasting flight - 4/5. Very fun to have gotten to try 3 different types of limoncello including blood orange.']
["Been here about three times now and have been very impressed each time. The pizza is noteworthy but most recently I had the steak and it was one of the best I've ever had. Its a very thick cut (ribeye I think), ordered it medium rare and it was pink in the middle and juicy with a great sear on the outside, and it was served on a bed or garlic spinach with a marrow sauce on top which complemented the steak perfectly. The fingerling roasted potatoes were also soft on the inside and crispy outside, it was nearly a perfect meal."]
["I visited Posto recently with colleagues and had a great experience! Originally we had dinner plans at another Italian restaurant, but changed to Posto because of its proximity to the Davis Square MBTA station. \n\nWe had a 5:45 reservation and when we arrived there might've been 5-6 other patrons there. No more than an hour later the place was almost full. I definitely recommend getting a reservation if you're visiting for dinner.\n\nService was great and the food was better. Our waitress started us with the Parmesan breadsticks. We added the rosemary sea salt bread and meatballs as appetizers; both were delicious. Our main entrees were split down the middle with half the table ordering pizzas and the other half getting the gnocchi and braised beef short rib. I ordered the gnocchi and was impressed with the dish. I wasn't sure about the red wine and Parmesan crema sauce pairing, but it was a match made in culinary heaven. I would eat that dish 6 out of 7 nights. I also tried some of the margherita pizza and it was perfect. Posto uses a brick oven and only cooks the pizza for 9-10 minutes. The pizza was delicious too."]
['Came here at 5:30 and it was empty. But soon after it was completely booked! Make reservations and come early or else you will have to wait.\n\nThe service here is amazing. The server and manager are very attentive.\n\nI got the peach mango sangria and it was delicious! Arancini was a great appetizer. Soft and flavorful but it was lukewarm even though it had just come out. I like my balls really hot. Haha.\n\nThe gnocci was good. Pillowy. The braised short rib was flavorful but a bit overcooked and too salty for me. Hence the one star less. Otherwise, Posto is awesome. I would come back!']
['There are so many things about Posto in Davis Square that I adore. \n\nLet me start with the obvious - the pizza! I have never had a bad pizza here. Their pizzas are brick oven style, with just the perfect amount of crust. I absolutely love that they offer a traditional Marinara-style pizza (e.g. no cheese), something that I had only previously ever seen on menus in Italy (maybe I just haven\'t been going to the right Italian restaurants around here!). I\'ve also tried a few of the non-pizza entrees here (the gnocchi was delicious!), but always find myself coming back to the exceptional pizza.\n\nI would definitely suggest paying the few extra bucks to start the meal off with the rosemary / sea salt bread - you can never have too much bread (at least in my carb-loving opinion!)\n\nThe service has been terrific every time I\'ve visited here - one time we even were given complimentary cannolis for dessert! The decor, the wine list - everything is truly top-notch here. I love that Posto is a place where I can come and feel like I\'m having a "nice dinner out," while also not feeling like I\'m going to go broke from it, or like I need to get fancied up just to set foot inside.']
["Perfection. It's been a while since I've been to a spot that lived up to the hype and Posto delivered.\n\nArancini, crispy outside, creamy inside with a slight kick. \n\nMeatballs, most and flavorful.\n\nBread, salty with a great chew. \n\nGnocchi, heavenly pillows on top of delicious short ribs and gravy.\n\nPanna cotta, delicious &amp; creamy with a perfect tart addition of passion fruit.\n\nPlum tart- omg! the thyme in it just took it to ' a whole novha level'\n\nService was excellent, as were wait times and seating.\n\nIf i *had* to find an issue, it would only be that portions could be larger, because everything left me wanting more."]
['Truly the best meal I\'ve had all year. Really. And it was simple, beautifully presented and cooked to perfection. Our server was excellent.....helpful and friendly without hovering but checked in at all the right times with us. \n\nI\'ve been meaning to go since they opened 7 or8 years ago. Shouldn\'t have procrastinated.  Had the octopus (exceptional), the crab tortellini (outstanding), and a pizza. The pizza was perfect .......Perfect!  And I\'m born and raised in Brooklyn (Not "Brand Brooklyn") Real Brooklyn. I know when a pizza is perfect. \n\nOne criticism:  they have GOT to get better olives for their martinis. Really guys, buy different olives\n\n8 stars']
["The service was good and Posto had great ambiance but I was a little disappointed by the food based on the stellar reviews. I had the burrata to star which was an ample enough portion that I probably could have been satisfied without and entree. The prosciutto that accompanied the burrata was excellent, tender and not too salty. The grilled peaches were ok but I honestly was happy to just stick to the meat and cheese. For an entree I ordered the gnocchi with short ribs based on recommendations from other Yelp reviewers. I enjoyed the flavors in the sauce but found it to be a little too salty and the beef to be a little tough and stringy. The gnocchi themselves were alright but I've definitely had better, these were more on the dense side whereas I prefer a more pillowy texture. I would go back to try some of there other menu offerings but wasn't blown away by the food this visit. I give it a 3.5."]
["Edit - have returned a couple times since writing the original review and have been consistently underwhelmed. \n\nOriginal review:\n\nWow! Highly recommend. Originally they \ndidn't have any reservations for tonight (Friday before Valentine's) but my bf called and pleaded and they squeezed us in. This was our first time eating here and everything was amazing. The bruschetta had a sweet vinaigrette paired with it that was so good. Him and I shared a pizza (can't remember what kind...but it was one of the white pizzas with pancetta) and the gnocchi dish. Both meals were delicious. The gnocchi was melt in your mouth and the pizza had just a hint of Rosemary that really pulled it together. We finished with a cannoli. The cookie was nice and crisp and the ricotta wasn't too sweet. Service was also impeccable. Out server was polite and chit chatted but knew when to let us to our selves. Easily a 5 star experience and I can't wait to go back. \n\nPROS: service, everything food related we tried was delicious, beautiful atmosphere and great ambiance, willingness to fit in a reservation for us even though booked solid\n\nCONS: a slight under pour on my BF's scotch, lemon drop martini a little more tart than I usually like"]
["Good, solid food and enjoyable dining experience. 4/5, minus 1 because I found the prices too high for the actual quality of food. \n\nThe ambience of the place was great: warm, busy and clearly popular. My husband and I spontaneously went on a Friday night without a reservation and lucked out because we got seats at the bar. Otherwise we were told wait was 1 hour (so, tip: definitely make a reservation for weekend nights, especially if you have 3+ people!). \n\nWe shared bruschetta and a salad, both excellent starters. Next we had a mushroom pizza with an added egg, and the vegetarian pasta option for that night. Both solid but not wow, in my opinion: the pasta was a bit lacking in flavor while the pizza was too heavy on the cheese and lacking in flavors other than the cheese. Again, pretty good but not great enough to justify the price tag. I've had better at lower cost restaurants. With that said, this was my first visit and I can't speak to their entree options.\n\nOverall, I'd come again to give other dishes a try. I'd be happy to meet up with friends at this place because it was a great environment to have a meal, have some drinks and chat."]
["Sat outside for dinner with one other diner. They have 11 small tables outside next to the building, and has a small awning for cover (but isn't guaranteed to block the sun in the evening). There was no wait, but we were there the day after the Fourth so it wasn't as busy as normal. We both got the Summer G&amp;T, which was perfectly refreshing, and started with the Burrata and the Beet Salad. The waiter recommended getting the Rosemary bread with the Burrata (only $2.50 more), so we did and it was a good decision. We cleaned those plates. For an entrée, I got the crab tortellini because I was looking at pictures beforehand and it looked amazing. It tasted equally amazing. \n\nThere is a lot of street parking (meters), and some public lots (meters) in Davis, and if you have residential stickers you can just park on a side street."]
['We always enjoy our food and night at POSTO! Never been disappointed and always appreciated the great pizza, salads and wine! The service is great too! \nHowever, last night was a little bit smelly with grilled fish and when we went back home, our clothes were so smelly that we had to put them directly in the washing machine! I hope it is just temporary problem with the ventilation!']
['Great service, great space and location. Really good food. We got the aranchini and meatball apps. Then the sausage pizza\n All were top notch. Holly was our server. She was excellent. Finished with a flourless chocolate cake. Really good.']
["What a real nice and elegant place this is in Davis square. The brick oven Pizza is what I came here for and it sure was the right choice. I am a fan of the dough it was so good I could have ate it with out nothing on it. That's how good it was. We ordered the Margarita which had a little to much sauce, which made the dough soggy.  The other Pizza was was the shitake mushrooms the taste was great, also the pizza comes out in 90 seconds, I like that part cause I hate waiting for food, especially when I am starving."]
["I'm going to give you straight facts:\n-Make a reservation for Posto. \n-The Meatball appetizer was phenomenal \n-The Margherita pizza changed my life, this is a steal at only $14\n-All sauces are incredibly fresh and sweet, I have never had anything better\n-The Chocolate Boudino dessert is big enough for 2 people to enjoy\n-I was here with one other person, we shared the meatball appetizer ($7), the margherita pizza ($14), and a Chocolate Boudino ($7). We split the bill and each put in about $20. \n-There are a lot of expensive dishes, but you can get the cheaper dishes and still expect the same amazing quality.\n- I will be coming back\n-Romantic atmosphere, and you can pull off a date here without breaking the bank."]
["I went to Posto for the second time last night (first was with B, second with coworkers). We had a lovely evening with a friendly, attentive server. I had already eaten, so I just had a drink and a dessert, but everyone was happy with their food. On my previous visit I had the short rib gnocchi and it was excellent. This time I opted for a glass of red wine (a very nice Sardinian offering) and the afogato which was the perfect amount of sweet to end my evening. \n\nPrices are not cheap, but they're on the slightly pricier side of reasonable. I'll definitely be returning. \n\nBonus: They leave a carafe of water at your table so you're not always asking for refills. Love it."]
["Good place! Nice environment and a long waiting line up to 2 hours. \n\nThe Rosemary sea salt bread was good, and the spicy oil was good too, but it wasn't spectacular.\n\nWe ordered the calamari- nothing out of the ordinary either. \n\nThe gnocchi with beef was something that I was DYING to try out and it was delicious, but I wish there were more flavor in the gnocchi itself. It was nicely squishy and the flavor of the beef was delicious too, but I've had better pasta.\n\nMy friend tried the tortellini but he did not like it... He said it was similar to a crab dumpling (haha) and wanted more flavor. \n\nThe dessert was like a firm chocolate outing and a cheesecake in the middle. It was good, but nothing crazy. \n\nPizza looked good though!"]
['Delicious Italian food, great for groups, excellent service, always busy so reservations a must.\nOpen style kitchen with pizza oven.\nGood selection of appetisers, ideal for sharing. Desserts looked huge.']
['Good place, great wine, and pizza is lovely. We had the standard margherita pizza paired with a Rose. Mmmm']
['Love. This. Place. \nAmazing pizza, and really good wine selection. \nThat\'s all I need for a good Italian place to win my heart. \nThe staff is super courteous and nice, the Europeans style pizza are definitely worth the trip and the wine list is one of the only decent one in Davis square. \nThe bar and "wine library" has a super cozy feeling and eating with a friend there is really great, I also love eating outside in the warm summer nights. \nGood to know: when most of Davis\' restaurants are overcrowded, this is one of the only places that will actually still take reservations and have less than an hour wait.']
["We popped in here before a movie, not knowing what to expect. Never been to Davis Square, figured cheap mediocre food for college students was the norm.  Wrong as far as Posto was concerned!! We were wowed by the food (service was a bit tough, with one server seemingly covering the whole outdoor seating area)! \n\nOrdered the Caesar -- it came with anchovies!!! Thank you very much, and a wonderful creamy lemon garlic dressing. It wasn't all that big so we shared the special salad with cherry tomatoes, Bibb lettuce, fat chunks of Gorgonzola, and spiced nuts. YUM!!\n\nWe ordered the Margherita pizza with prosciutto added--- fantastic! We finished every bite, even the crust!  Saved room for dessert-- pear sorbet &amp; a wonderful affigato. \n\nIt's not cheap but it was excellent.\n\nAbout a year later, Posto still earns its 5 stars. Our server was brisk &amp; polite, we were also looked after by someone who seemed to  be the manager, and who brought my second glass of Sangiovese at the perfectly appropriate time. We had our usual Caesar, still one of the best iterations of this classic ever, the Margherita pizza piping hot, and added the short rib gnocchi which was pillowy, with a robustly rustic meat flavor and generous amount of short rib. We ordered too much of everything, had it boxed  and this stuff is so good, it was even good cold a day later!"]
["I am a very tired middle aged woman with children who goes on a date night next to never, and when I do, I come home vomiting. I never get date nights, and I had to go home and roll on the bathroom floor in a sweat-vomit instead of going to our movie. I feel cursed, especially because I am not picky, and eat all kinds of crap normal humans couldn't handle or even consider to be food.\n\nAside from the vomiting (we think it was the calamari, since I ate more than my husband, and he vomited less and later than I did), things were nice. We had a nice time. We took photos of each other. We looked young (ish), happy, and very much like were weren't going to be vomiting within the hour. \n\nThe service was great. We even made a reservation and our table was ready and waiting for us.\n\nI emailed the restaurant to express my concern, but they didn't get back to me, so here I am on Yelp. I'm Yelping. \n\nKeywords: Vomit. Date-right ruination. Cursed. Don't ever try to have fun."]
['I think the new standard for restaurant servers in this area is to act like they hate you, or that you\'re inconveniencing them. \n\nWe came all the way from the South Shore to celebrate my birthday. The waitress "didn\'t hear my dessert order."  So we sat waiting and waiting thinking she was coming to bring my dessert, but she wasn\'t. When this was brought to her attention, she took the approach that I was to blame. \n\nThanks. I\'ll pass.']
["Good stuff here! They have  an interesting take on upscale casual atmosphere, so it feels current and fun w/o seeming too trendy.  The menu had plenty of appealing options for pasta, proteins, and the pizza, which i guess it's their original specialty.\n\nApps were good - very tender octopus with some super flavorful tomatoes and fennel, plus a good but not great Caesar - but the mains were the best: cod with prosciutto around it and these outstanding big white beans, and a simple pizza w roasted pork and some onions and herbs. I love a fresh take on pizza, and theirs IS unique for me. It's thin, but not too thin, with this slightly chewy texture that totally caught me by surprise... I never would of thought a chewy crust would appeal to me, but it was excellent."]
["Perfect place to go for a good meal that won't break the bank. The arrancini is to die for, every pizza is delicious, and they have the best tiramisu."]
['I live right in Davis and have been to Posto several times. I brought my girlfriend here for the first time a couple of weeks ago and her response was, "Um, why don\'t we come here more often?" Agreed. That is my fault and I\'m deeply, deeply sorry.\n\nThe pizza here is really good. They have a white risotto pizza that makes me want to eat until I die from overeating. The meatball is super good too. I haven\'t had any of the pasta dishes but the rosemary bread and the caesar salad (which is super light and refreshing. no idea what that dressing is but put it in my mouth please thank you) are great apps and you should try them. Overall, this place is really good and recommended if you want some fancy pizza!']
['Totally a fan of Posto!  We stopped in this past weekend after a comedy show down the street and it satisfied our pizza cravings and then some.  \n\nAmbiance was dimly lit and trendy and service was attentive but not intrusive; Perfect for a casual date night.  Per our usual, we decided to share a couple different things and went with the Margarita pizza and on our server\'s suggestion, the Salmon entree.  \n\nThe pizza came piping hot out of the oven right away within 10 minutes of ordering.  So fast in fact, it burnt the roofs of our mouths but was so delicious that we kept eating it through the pain!   A nice added twist - The pizza bread here is a little different than your norm, kind of like naan bread so it was like a cross between a flatbread and a regular pizza bread.  The crust was wider than the average pizza as well so the house chili oil was put in good use for crust dipping.  \n\nOur salmon entree however surprised us the most.  Salmon was grilled to perfection on the outside and moist, juicy and flavorful in the inside.  The beet risotto was the perfect accompaniment!  So flavorful but in a natural "no need to add spices to it" kind of way.  If you love beets, you will love this concoction of their risotto, I promise.   \n\nIf you have room, definitely try their profiteroles.  Not too sweet and just enough to end our night with a bang after a night of laughs.']
['The hostesses here could definitely improve on their organization. We had a 7 pm reservation on a Friday night and showed up at 6:55. We came in right behind another couple who did not have a reservation. We\'re all standing around next to the hostess stand because the place is PACKED. 15 minutes go by, another couple comes in saying they have a 7:15 reservation. As tables start to open up, they seat the couple without the reservation first (even though it is now 20 minutes past our reservation time). Next table, they seat the 7:15 couple before us! I spoke up to one of the hostesses, and she gave me the exact same robotic response I\'ve been hearing her give to everyone: "we\'re just cleaning up a table for you now. It\'ll be a little wait." That\'s what you said to me 25 minutes ago when we first walked in! I just didn\'t even want to argue it further.\n\nThe food was pretty good, 4/5. Server was nice, but a little inattentive. Don\'t blame him though because it was definitely really busy. The whole experience was soured by the long wait and disorderly seating. I will probably continue to reluctantly come here as my boyfriend really loves the pizza.']
["First of all, the drinks are strong which is lovely. They have a mixed chili pepper infused olive oil base for the crust and its pretty good. I had the burrata and the meatballs as my appetizers then I ordered the spicy Italian sausage piżzé with oregano, fontina, mozzarella, spinach and basil. It's loaded with flavor and the dough is just amazing, making it that much more easier to eat the crust whether you usually do or don't. The service was immaculate, very nice atmosphere right in Davis Square. The staff is professional and guarantees a delightful experience."]
["Postos food is great. Pizzas are tasty. Beers are good. Apps  especially the grilled octopus; nice and tender. Beet salad was yummy. Pastas are wonderful. I'd give a 4.5, but yelp doesn't have this. Will definetly go back."]
["Bookmark this one! The gnocchi and short-rib beef was spectacular; as was the pizza with brussels sprouts, bacon and fried egg! Really a great experience.. the food, atmosphere and service were all first class. Can't wait to get back to the Boston area to do this again!"]
['The pizza here is pretty good, and I love that they have a yummy mocktail menu. Unfortunately my husband and I were underwhelmed by the other dishes we ordered. He said the meatballs were only ok, my fall inspired homemade pasta dish was alright, and the cacio e pepe was seriously lacking both pepper and cheese (we had to ask for parmesan on the side)! Our espressos and biscotti were at least a nice way to finish the meal.']
["First time, I made reservations for 6. I had to leave my credit card. They were gonna charge 25. A head if I didn't show up. I did and food was good and service was too. \nSecond time, we went was dinner for 4. Ordered drinks they were very weak but tasty. Ordered food two pizzas and pasta dish. Food came out in 5 minutes. Really quick, Had couple more cocktails and same reaction very weak. Food was tasty good though."]
["Very impressed!!! First of all, I LOVE neopolatin Pizza. They have one of the best I've ever had. Our server was great. Very friendly and checked on us often. The pasta is amazing too. So glad I found such an amazing restaurant for Italian food/Pizza."]
["A great Italian restaurant that is not in the North End! \n\nThere is no complimentary bread, but they do offer these crunchy bread sticks that look like a table centerpiece. We ordered the PANE ($2.50), rosemary sea salt bread that is the base of all of their pizzas. If you are planning to order pizza, I would suggest against ordering this bread to start. The pane is like a very thick naan that is fluffier in texture. \n\n+ GNOCCHI: This is not your typical gnocchi, as these dough dumplings were served with short rib! The short rib was braised perfectly as the meat broke apart when you dug your fork into it. The parmesan cream was not overly salty and balanced the short rib flavors very well. \n~ TAGLIATELLE: I have had tagliatelle at other restaurants and this wasn't my favorite. The noodles were cooked al dente, but the ragu sauce was underwhelming. The ratio between the veal/pork/beef combination and noodles were off, as there was way too many noodles in this dish. This was a much heftier portion than the other pasta dishes, if you are looking for quantity over quality.\n~ PROSCIUTTO PIZZA: My friend ordered the prosciutto pizza, which was served on their rosemary sea salt bread. Nothing was staying on each slice! The bread does not stick to the ingredients well, and all the toppings were falling off with each bite. This is more of a fork and knife affair where you eat pizza in a high-class way without your hands. Otherwise, you will have a mess on your plate.\n+ TIRAMISU ($7): For the price, you can definitely order one tiramisu between 4 people! The dessert was delightfully light, topped with espresso that counteracted the sweet parts of the dish. \n\nI would totally return just for the gnocchi! I saw other guests order what looked like a whole pig roast, so that option is available also if you have a big party. This is a great option if you are close to Somerville and do not want to venture out to the hectic part of downtown or North End."]
["I've gone three times and have never been satisfied with my meal. The atmosphere is nice and the parking is easy for Somerville."]
["I can't believe it's taken me so long to finally try this place out. FANTASTIC Neapolitan style pizza, accompanied with a great wine selection. The sausage pizza was fresh and extraordinarily flavorful. I ate 3/4 and did not feel weighed down with excess dough or needless fat and oil. Our waiter was very knowledgeable about the wine menu and gave excellent recommendations (thanks, Kyle!). I can't wait to come back!"]
["Ate the Rosemary bread, the gnocchi with short rib ragu, the meatball pizza, and the tiramisu. The bread was extremely salty during certain bites, but besides from that, the food was impeccable. The gnocchi was extremely delicious and I would definitely order it again if not for the other dishes on the menu I hope to try in the future. I would recommend sticking with the pasta or the other entrees over the pizza. The pizza was delicious, but it didn't stand out much in comparison to the pasta. The Tiramisu is also great and it's huge. A little too huge. Portions are much bigger than you would think. \n\nAlso, order cocktails. Ours were fantastic. And service was outstanding. Friendly and fast."]
["tl;dr I wish we'd gone to Mike's for giant craft beers and pizza, followed by JP Lick's. Instead, we lit our money on our fire going here.\n\nFor the price (we spent over $100) this was a lousy meal. We went around 5:45pm on a Saturday, so it wasn't very crowded. Our food came out very quickly. I had pizza, which was frankly a soggy, limp mess. Toppings slid off, it seemed watery, and it wasn't hot (which would at least explain the toppings sliding off). The ingredients tasted good enough, but it was not at all satisfying to eat. My wife's meal seemed kind of small for the cost, and while she said it was good it wasn't good enough to justify the cost to portion size. The chocolate gelati was, to me, indistinguishable from chocolate ice cream, but it cost $6. The Lavazza coffee was better than the average watered-down brown water at most places, but was still over priced and no refill!\n\nIf I had it to do over again, I would have gone to Mike's (down the street) for pizza and then to JP Lick's for ice cream. The food would have been better and about one-third the cost."]
["Dinner at Posto last night, sat outside at sidewalk table. Enjoyed the Gin Gin Mule to whet my appetite. We tried two 'Insalate', the Beet (incredible &amp; repeatable!) and Green Bean (eh, needs something more to kick it up, perhaps beans should be blanched, they're hard and dressing does not permeate,  stingy with feta...as it is, I would not re-order). Then we had the TAGLIATELLE and the Grilled Chicken - both were scrumptious and worthy of do-overs.  Will return!!!"]
["This joint is an amazing date night spot.  In the summer months you can sit inside or outside. I like the fact that's is not deep in Davis square. This makes parking a little easier.  The meatballs were so good. My husband is not a meatball man and even he couldn't get enough.  The pizza was really tasty.  Nice and thin with a spectacular sauce. A bit pricey for pizza but I thought it was worth it. I loved the overall ambience but thought the space was a bit too tight and intimate\n\nFinal grade: A-"]
["I really love this restaurant's ambience. The room is so bright and cheery I immediately get comfortable and start relaxing when I sit down. It can accommodate large groups really well. The pizza is quiet good, but I think the pasta is best here."]
["Posto is the perfect place for every carb-loving creature. There's Italian-inspired fare galore to explore, so every trip can be deliciously different. Pick-your-own adventure.\n\nAs is only right, we started with drinks. Gin gin mule was fresh with a gingery kick. I'm not a huge fan of gin, but the pine taste of the liquor didn't overpower the bev. It was perfectly proportioned and refreshing. A sip of the red sangria was also refreshing, not too sweet with a tangy hint of pineapple. The crunchy, cheesy bread sticks on the table were a perfect (complimentary) compliment.\n\nLet's ciao down! The rosemary sea salt bread was like a fluffier version of naan. I wanted to jump into a bed of the stuff. The texture was addictive, and the bread studded with salt and fresh sprigs of rosemary was delectable on its own as well as dipped in the housemade chili oil. We also sampled the aranccini, which provided a good portion of crispy rice balls. These were fine on flavor and quite filling, but lacked pizzazz and could have used more sauce. I ended up dipping the bread in the marinara instead.\n\nEnter the entrees! We split the octopus insalata, an interesting mix of oh-so-tender octo with canneli beans. Although it was cold, there were no greens, so I'm not sure I would consider this dish a salad. It was heavier than I had anticipated but still had a fresh Mediterranean feel.\n\nThe braised short rib gnocchi stole the show. Delectable potato clouds mixed marvelously with the saucy beef. The flavors and textures blended in a way that could only be described as right on. I'd return just to stick my face in this dish.\n\nFor dessert, we consulted the waitress and landed on the apple crostada for its mix of hot and cold elements. The apples were baked beautifully in a pastry served warm topped with caramel sauce and gelato. A very happy ending to our flavor vacation."]
["A fun, classy atmosphere and tasty food for a reasonable price. \n\nThis place can get busy even on weeknights, and I've had to wait for a table on both visits. However they do have a nice indoor waiting area where you can sip on a drink picked up at the bar. Both times I was seated in a shorter wait time than the hostess originally predicted.\n\nI've only had their salads and pizza, both of which are creative, visually pleasing, and tasty enough to hold their own in Boston, but also standard enough to please any less adventurous eaters. \n\nPizzas are thin crust and cooked in a wood-fired oven. They're too big for one person (unless you're rather hungry), but not quite big enough for two. I'd recommend two pizzas for three people or a pizza and salad for two. \n\nI'll definitely be back!"]
["Can't bring cake even for birthdays it's not like we're not eating &amp; drinking their food. I've never heard such a thing, charge $2 per head, it's retarded! We splurge &amp; we are very generous when we tip. It's called a gesture if they're smart they would know what it means!\nIt was nice they gave us wine tasting, I give them that! The food was good &amp; the waitress was accommodating, patient &amp; helpful."]
["Posto does it right. The food, the service, the atmosphere are all excellent, and the price is very fair. I just plain love eating here! This is my favorite spot in Somerville for dinner when friends are in town, or dinner with my sweetie. It's THE best pizza in Somerville. I also love their salads, the calamari with Peroni on tap is heaven on earth, and the carbonara is a must. Their special events are always so well thought out and often feature great wines. I love you, Posto!!!!"]
['Top notch service and authentic atmosphere. I did enjoy the rosemary bread appetizer as it had such a great texture after being freshly baked... which kind of made me conjure up high hopes for the pizza. Unfortunately the margarita pizza was underwhelming for two reasons: 1) too much tomato sauce which made 70%of the crust in the middle too soggy to pick up, a little soggy is ok but not to that extent, especially when you have such an authentic oven that can create exceptional dough textures, why waste it? 2) tomato sauce was too acidic, tasted straight out of a can with no additional cooking involved... needed a pinch of more sugar to balance out the harsh acidity of canned ripened tomatoes... next time I visit I will give their pastas a chance... PS. prosciutto should not cover the whole pizza in a flat compressed sheet. Add some height with a light touch to create better texture and more visual appeal.']
["Oh, Posto. I really do love you.\n\nFrom the dim-lit, yet hugely open interior to the U-shaped bar, to the sliding library-style ladder...I just love the place. Everyone is super friendly without being too in your face. They're always attentive and never pushy. \n\nBut the food...it's AWESOME. Juan does an amazing job of slinging out fantastic, fresh pizzas. I've had a few of the apps (bruschetta is A+!) a few different entrees...\n\n-Salmon with beet risotto -- GOOD. I love beets though. Damn it's good.\n-Calabrese - really good, great flavor.\n-Sopressata - so freaking delicious. Add basil!\n-Asparagus with smoked bacon &amp; farm fresh egg - WOW is all I have to say about this one. I was blown away by the flavor combination and the lemon zest is such a delicious addition. Never would've thought of that on a pizza, but trust me, it works. This is one of the best pizzas I've ever had. I usually go for the red sauce pizzas, but after having this, I'm a changed girl.\n\nI think what makes the pizza so freakin' delicious is the dough. It's just perfect. Slightly charred on the bottom, a couple of bubbles on the crust, and super light but crispy. Some bites are so pillowy soft though... I can't explain it but it's just my favorite."]
['Three of us shared a mushroom pizza with red sauce which was really delicious. Arugula salad was very refreshing. I also ordered a sangria and really enjoyed it. Would go again!']
['Pretty good food at decent prices. Service was superb. Atmosphere was really nice as well.']
["I've pasted by this place so many times and finally came here on a date night with my husband.  The food was solid as its pizza and pasta choices were simply onpoint and authentic.  I highly recommend the Gnocci has the braised beef short ribs combined with the red wine sauce was savory and ultra tasty.  \n\nAs for the ambiance:  energetic and rustic in its wood industry kitchen. \n\nWould definitely come back."]
["Nice and busy on a Wednesday night. It didn't feel like an empty restaurant in which had you question what you were doing with your life. Service was fantastic! Ambiance was not stuffy. A little bit on the expensive side, it came out to $35/person\n\nWe ordered: \nMeatballs (not life changing)\nShort rib gnochi (Short ribs were not melt in your mouth. I own a sous vide, and I've made sous-vided short rib that was more tender)\nMushroom pizza (Came out quickly, super hot, and super yummy. Forget Oath down the street, this is our pizza joint!)"]
['Really really good! Great atmosphere and outdoor seating, mediocre service, but delicious food! I got the Pane bread for $2.50 which would have been better if they just gave you that for the table but you do get these thin Parmesan breadsticks that were great. The margarita pizza with added prosciutto was super good, soft, doughy, and loaded with prosciutto for only $4 extra which is what you would pay for any pizza restaurant to give you a normally stingy amount. Will definitely be back!']
['This is one of many Alpine restaurants located in the area (Posto, Rosebud, Painted Burro). All of them are overpriced, but cater to at least some tastes you may have. Pizzas are good, a bit salty, but otherwise made with fresh ingredients. Portions are good-sized. Noise level is considerable, wait for us was zero as we came in around 8:30 (3 of us). Wait staff was inattentive as is usually the case when eating out nowadays. The art of good service is lost on this millennial generation. Ho hum, another 20.00 pizza joint.']
["Always get the craving for the calamari here, arguably the best in Boston, very tough call against the ones from daily catch and Giacomo's \n\nPizza is solid too, so are the drinks. One of my favorite places in Davis square area"]
["I was only in Cambridge for the weekend, so I took other yelpers advice and got the tortellini. Let me tell you, it was such a treat. The pasta was homemade and it had a delicious butternut squash sauce that I tried my best sopping every last drop of. The medley of flavors was so so good and I would go back again just for that pasta dish. \n\nPosto is just as good, if not better than the Italian restaurants in the North End. It has a cozy, warm atmosphere that is very tastefully decorated. They serve a full menu at the bar and the patrons and bar tender were delightful to talk to. If you're in the Davis square area, don't hesitate to check this place out!"]
["I'll caveat this review by stating upfront that I'm not a huge fan of Italian. But I really enjoyed our dinner here. The food was fresh and tasty, the ambiance was elegant and lovely, and the drinks tasty. Definitely memorable enough to go back."]
["Posto is one of our favorite go-tos here in Somerville. It is consistently great. The atmosphere is modern, hip, and yet cozy, and the waitstaff is always incredibly nice and attentive. It's that wonderful kind of place where you can get a big table for a special occasion or just pop in with your spouse for some wine and a few bites at the bar. Great cocktails, and of course, great wines.\n\nMy favorite starter (I think about it all the time) is the Burrata with roasted pear, prosciutto di parma, and vincotto (a kind of wine reduction) served with their amazing rosemary bread from their wood oven. If you have people to share with, starting with the meatballs stuffed with mozzarella is also terrific. One of my favorite pasta dishes is the springtime version of their fresh tortellini with jonah crab with pea tendrils in a light cream sauce. And honestly, any pizza. Again: wood oven."]
["The food and service were amazing and parking was easy.  I was with a group of people and we order a few different dishes to share. \n\nGnocchi with short rib: one of the best gnocchi I have eaten, the short rib was delish and my favorite plate.\n\nChicken with creamy parm polenta:  yummy! They had me at creamy polenta, cooked just right.\n\nProsciutto pizza: good pizza around, this is a folk &amp; knife kind of pizza\n\nBurrata: good go to app, to start a meal\n\nPane: warm good bread to soak up the olive oil from the burrata. I did wish this was a complimentary, but for 2.50, it's not a big deal.\n\nThe server gave us a great recommendation for a bottle of wine for our meal.\n\nI will be back for the gnocchi!"]
['My son and I were visiting from California and we found this place via yelp reviews. We would not go again.  We arrived for a late dinner, afte 8pm. The hostess sat us in a table for two, even though there were larger tables open and the crowd was beginning to thin out.  Then, after we ordered, she sat another two people at a table for two that was positioned about six inches (I kid you not) away from us.  It\'s like we were eating with these other people.  She could have also  sat them in one of the open tables for 4, but she was keeping those free even though by then it was about 8:30pm, on a weeknight, and the place was really thinning out.  I could hear every word the other two people were saying, and couldn\'t even blink wiith privacy.  Finally I got up and asked the hostess why... she had no good answer.  "I\'m happy to move you if you\'d like."  We moved to a table for two that was more private against the wall.  By then, the mood was lost and our enjoyment of this restaurant lost.  The hostess, who said she was in-charge, had no class.  Rather than focusing on the comfort and enjoyment of her guests that were there, she was focused on maximizing every inch of space to pack-in the maximum number of diners, even late and essentially new diners were hardly even coming in.  Those tables should NEVER be that close together anyway.....  Additionally, for our taste at least, the chef tried to do too much with simple dishes.  The tomatoes were sour.  The sauces had WAY too much creme, even the red sauce.  The dishes are very expensive.  If you want bread with your Italian food, you even have to pay extra for that.  Good riddance posto.']
["I've always liked this place. The pizza is superb (especially the salcicca). The bartenders are friendly, neighborly, and experienced. The ambience and layout are open and lend themselves to date nights and after-work happy hours alike. It's an enjoyable place - and they have secret Spaghetti and Meatballs!"]
["Menu looked amazing, so I went. Food is soooo average it is sad. That menu spoke to me. Authentic Italian food, cooked by TGIFriday cooks.. nah Just kidding, that is mean. It's not that bad, but it's also not as good as it could be."]
["I came here with a couple friends tonight and we were very pleased with our meal; I'd give a 4.5 if I could. We got a number of dishes and shared. Service was very good, and for food, I would rate the pizza a solid 4 stars and most of the other dishes I tried 5.\n\nI ordered the arancini and the beet salad. The arancini had a great texture, with a crunchy exterior and a creamy inside, with lovely cheese and herbs. The beet salad was also fantastic, with a beautiful presentation of golden and purple beets, goat cheese, and what I believe was a balsamic-type dressing. There was more dressing than necessary on the salad - but it was still so delicious. The arugula salad was also excellent.\n\nI also tried a bite of the gnocchi, which blew all of our minds. It is completely different from all other gnocchi any of us had tried - so soft, so good.\n\nI have to say I was a little disappointed by the pizza, which could have stayed in the oven a little longer. I think I've been spoiled by Area 4's pizza - a similar concept, but better executed.\n\nWe left room for dessert and shared the strawberry rhubarb crostada and the panna cotta - both AMAZING. The crostada was served warm with a scoop of vanilla ice cream drizzled with honey, and all together the dish had the perfect texture and flavor. The panna cotta had a nice, simple presentation with fresh raspberries and a raspberry gelée. Lovely finish to our meal.\n\nWe were impressed with the service, especially with how quickly our entrées came out after we ordered.\n\nThe restaurant itself has a nice ambience, nothing super special, but they do have a good amount of outdoor seating for fair weather.\n\nWe called ahead by half an hour and got lucky (snagged a table because of a cancellation), but in general, be sure to make a reservation as this place can get pretty busy."]
['Boy do I want to give this place 5 stars, but I can\'t, yet. I\'ll start with...\n\nService:\nWe arrived 10+ minutes early for our reservation, were kindly informed that our table was being reset and it would only be a few moments. We weren\'t motioned to sit anywhere, but the couches by the bar were the obvious choice. There were weird magazines there and the only two menus were being perused by two other patrons, so my date and I just gazed into each others\' eyes and reveled in being out of the house. (#parents)\nOur waitress was great - well educated about the wines and the menu, and gave good suggestions about the special versus regular menu items. She gave us the spiel on Neapolitan pizza (the reason we were there) and explaining how it is served (soupy in the middle). Except... \n\nPizza:\nIt wasn\'t soupy, at all. It was overcooked. The ingredients were very high quality and I loved the flavors. But when you overcook mozzarella on a Neapolitan it gets kind of chewy. We had chatted with our waitress about living in Italy and the reason we were at the restaurant in the first place was for the Neapolitan style pizza, which is our favorite. A manager more or less rushed over and offered to replace the pizza after I replied honestly to the "how is everything" check-in, which I refused because the pizza still tasted REALLY good, it just wasn\'t authentically done. Picky? Yes, but I came here for a specifically advertised and emphasized thing, and it was not delivered. Incidentally, our waitress was not the one to deliver the pizzas, had she seen them before I had a quarter of it eaten, I\'m tempted to think she would\'ve had the oven try again. \n\nOther food:\nBetween us we had the octopus salad and meatballs apps, the tiramisu and a sorbet(?) Both apps were really tasty, well seasoned, nicely presented. My taste of the sorbet was nothing notable, good but not my thing. My tiramisu on the other hand was lovely, perfectly crafted. And GIGANTIC. I gave my dining partner one bite. THE TIRAMISU IS ALL MINE. \n\nQuite frankly, I would go back here for the tiramisu alone, but I KNOW they can do the pizza properly, so I\'m going to give that a go, too. Overall all courses had delicious ingredients and it was a well timed, well served experience. \n\nP.S. Bar TVs are annoying. Maybe two people at the bar were watching them.']
["I'm not usually the biggest fan of pizza in a tuxedo and bow tie, but Posto makes the best version of fancy (neapolitan) pizza that I've had, (and I've had a lot of it). Great options if you're not feeling like a classic margherita, with pizza that somehow manages the beautiful contradictory combo of fresh and perfectly greasy at the same time.\n\nTip: There's a lot of balleyhoo about how Posto is the only neapolitan certified pizzeria in Massachusetts and how the italian wood burning oven allows them to make the pizza just right, which made me skeptical about their food truck. But their pizza from the food truck is nearly identical and was cheaper, so you can't go wrong with the food truck either."]
["Very difficult to figure this place out. Atmosphere awesome. Service is excellent and very clean. Nice bar. Great location. I've been here 6 times since they have opened. And all the food is good EXCEPT the pizza. It's always soggy. It's mind boggling. Brick oven should be super crispy like Frank Pepe's. Nope. Soggy and chewy. Sigh:("]
["Debated about a few choices for Italian tonight and decided on this spot. Very excellent service, wonderful suggestions on wine. The local cider they carried was so good, hadn't had it before. We ordered gnocchi, burrata and the sausage pizza. Pizza is awesome, thin and soft in the middle, a slight char, yum. Gnocchi was spot on, great ratio of sauce and short rib, very tender meat and great flavors. Everything was so delicious. We were dressed very casually and were a little self conscious before we entered but extremely comfortable throughout our dining experience and were very happy about that. Great ambiance, and once again great service. Thank you"]
['A wonderful place with great service and great food. Perfect spot for date night - beautiful interior space. You can also make reservations on open table, which is convenient. \n\nThe food was so well done! We got the margherita pizza and the crab tortellini. The pizza was well seasoned, and the crust was soft with the perfect amount of chewiness. On par with pizza in Italy! The crab tortellini was delicate, full of crab, and all the flavors of the dish worked perfectly together. \n\nWill definitely come back!']
["Wandering in without reservations, b. and I luckily snagged a couple of seats at the bar at the beginning of what seemed to be their usual busy evening. The hostess was friendly and informative, promptly letting us know what our options were without seeming impatient that we had no reservations. At the bar, throughout the evening, our bartender was pleasant and just attentive enough. We did not feel rushed even when the night got busy and packed.\n\nDRINKS\nb. ordered the Gin Gin Mule, which apparently tasted more like a mojito than a mule - really, the only complaint of the night. I got the Sangria Bianco, which was very light but refreshing.\n\nFOOD\nWe got the starter special of the evening, the Steak Tartare, which was phenomenal. And this is coming from someone who was quite grossed out/traumatized by her first steak tartare experience. Served on two large crostinis, it was perfect for sharing between the two of us and was as beautifully presented as a small mound of raw meat could be. It even had flower petals as a garnish! For dinner, I ordered the Tortellini stuffed with jonah crab, which was deliciously and artfully presented with green tones from the spring pea brodo and cream color from the parmesan crema, all topped with pea tendrils. b. ordered the Bucatini with spicy tomato amatriciana, pork guanciale, pecorino toscano, and basil. The noodles were toothsome and overall, both pasta dishes tasted wonderfully homemade and fresh.\n\nDESSERT\nThe Warm Peach &amp; Blackberry Crostada with vanilla gelato was a perfect finish with its warm and cold elements. It was stuffed with peach slices and blackberries with a crust that was crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. Mmm...\n\nCan't wait to come back to try the gnocchi and the pizzas!"]
['The decor is cozy and warm perfect for a winter dinner with friends. The gnocchi with beef is their best dish. The beef melts in your mouth and the gnocchi was fresh. Its hard to make chicken flavorful since its such a bland meat but their chicken was good specially with the crunchy Brussel sprouts. The lasagna was  below average the past was hard and seemed like it was reheated. The dessert was average ...the lopera cake is too high and very hard and overly sweet. The tiramisu was good. The mint ginger soda was amazing! For the price, it could have been better.']
['Great place. Appetizer: Pane, risotto balls. Main dish Gnocchi, not a big dessert guy so I can not recommend anything on that front. Drinks: get the margarita Russo. I know they are known for pizza, try what I recommended and you will not be sorry and oh your welcome. One of favs in Boston and I am a regular there. Always make a reservation to be on the safe side even on weekdays. This place is really really good and people know that, so everyone goes there hence the need for reservations.']
["I heard great things about posto. But it was pretty disappointing. The calamari was not fresh at all (really fishy taste) and the breading was thick. The gnocchi with short rib was not cooked properly cause parts of the sauce were still under cooked. It was also salty but not as much as the pizza. The pepperoni pizza was so salty I had to take some pepperoni off just to be able to eat it. For the price and lousy quality, won't be coming back"]
["We didn't like almost everything we ordered. \n\nCalamari appetizer was bland and tasteless. My boyfriend ordered the chicken which was thoroughly burned so we sent it back. He got a pizza instead which he say was good but I didn't like it much anyway. \n\nI got the carbonara for entree. I thought the pasta wasn't cook throughly. I was told by my company that it may be al dante style but by the more I ate, the more certain I was that it wasn't cooked right. The sauce is tasty though. \n\nWe came here for an anniversary, but after over and undercooked meals, left very disappointed. \n\nI think I was an off night for the place judging from all the other reviews. Shame we have to pay $60 something for it."]
['The waitstaff was nice and the food came out incredibly fast. That said, the pasta dish was watery and unimpressive. The pizza was okay but certainly not worth the price in my opinion.']
["By far the best restaurant in the area, not only the food but the staff is amazing.  Head bartender Vince whips up incredible drinks on and off the menu.  So grab a seat at the bar if you get lucky...just don't steal mine :)! #sisterspot #espressomartinis"]
['Our favorite restaurant on our trip for my sisters law school graduation. Romantic little spot with the best brick oven pizza!! We will definitely go back our next time in Cambridge.']
['Bottom line the food at this place is just not great and we spent over $100.  My wife and I ordered the Arancini and a Caesar salad to start.  The caesar salad was worse than something you would get at a corner pizza shop, and the Arancini had clearly been pre-made and left under a heating lamp.  When  our waiter left them on the table he said "careful they are hot" but in reality, they were room temperature at best. \n\nAs others have said, the pizza was a wet sloppy mess.  The flavors were decent, but it was not particularly appetizing based on the consistency.  Our waitress did say it was a "fork and knife" pizza, but it still wasn\'t very good.  \n\nThere are MUCH better places to eat in Davis, including the two other restaurants owned by the group that owns Posto.  If you\'ve got to get pizza, I recommend heading to Sacco Flatbread.']
['I drive from Lynn to Somerville (25 minutes away from my house) at least 3 times a month just to eat pizza! I absolutely LOVE IT!!']
["Yes indeed .... Put the car in drive and head to Somerville.  So we were out driving around the North Shore and Stumbled upon Posto.  I was intrigued it had so many reviews and wanted to see what the excitement was all about. Warm ambience abounds. A most gracious staff were eager to offer assistance. \n\nThe menu is a bit limiting but the options they offer are all delectable. I chose the gnocchi with short ribs in a red wine sauce. Oh yeah.... Mouth watering. My husband had the bolognese and although he prefers a wider noodle the combination of beef, veal and pork were a perfect blend. \n\nNow I would have rated this a five star but they charge for bread. My thought is if you serve meals with tangy sauces that should be savored by a swirl around the plate with some bread don't charge for it. \nJust a point that I thought should be notated. \n\nAll in all don't hesitate a jaunt to Davis Square."]
['Awesome service, food was eh. My friend got a pizza dish and she said it was pretty bad. I got the salmon and it was mediocre. Plenty of better options in the area.']
['Friendly down to earth service! Earthy ambiance and the best part is the wine and the food!  We had the burrata (Amazing) meatballs (Exceptional) and pizza (Boom!) also had a bottle of the Pinot Noir... light on the Palette but delicious fruitful and taste of spice!']
["We visited Posto for dinner on a cold and rainy day this December and were pleasantly surprised to find the food lived up to all the good word of mouth reviews that I've heard. Great selection and all delicious! Would definitely come again. Though, if you get the carbonara, I would suggest asking for less parsley (or none). It was literally the only thing I could taste!"]
["Score, another awesome meal in Boston. Somerville is super fun and I really haven't spent enough time there; Posto in particular is a great little place tucked off the main road. Beautiful, sleek atmosphere, perfect for an intimate dinner.\n\nI met a couple of friends for a Monday night dinner and Posto was a great choice (thanks friends!!). The place was quiet but not dead, and we had a great little table toward the center of the restaurant. I ordered the crab tortellini with butternut purée and parmesan cream, which I loved. I especially liked that the pasta wasn't soaked in the parmesan cream; it was more of a touch, and there was lots of nice butternut squash purée for dipping. The serving was a bit small, but that was all good since leading up to this trip I had been a beast of an eater. Anyway the presentation was beautiful with the pasta arranged nicely in the sauces.\n\nService was very efficient and we were able to catch up and have a great time!! Really loved this place for Italian and I'm looking forward to coming back when I am in Boston again!"]
["Menu - perfect variety without being too large - from pastas to wood fired neapolitan pizzas.  A well planned wine menu.\n\nAtmosphere - a crowd hangout.  warm &amp; welcoming interior with some outdoor seating.  nice bar, open kitchen.  at peak, it gets noisy.  \n\nService - well managed, knowledgeable, and attentive\n\nFood - Fresh, well seasoned,  and cooked tasty foods.  Don't skip the appetizers.  \n\nTakeaway - Fine casual dining in a warm energetic atmosphere."]
['This place has delicious food, friendly service, and amazing atmosphere. Our order started out with the Gin Gin Mule which was a highly recommended cocktail. We then ordered the Pane which is their Rosemary Sea Salt flatbread. It was quiet delicious dipped with the spicy pepper infused oil. Moving on to the main meal, we ordered the bucatini carbonara &amp; roasted chicken. Both dishes were delicious. Bucatini carbonara had a great cream sauce and the roasted chicken had a marvelous polenta &amp; roasted veggie side with it. Both dishes were very big portions! Ended the meal with their tiramisu which can be shared between 2-3 people. Definitely coming back to taste other items on their menu! Attached are pics of the menu items.']
['Came here for a late dinner and got:\n- beet salad: way fancier than i thought it would be. Really delicious app. \n- pizza: average, nothing especial, my cheese kept falling off the dough. \n- crabmeat ravioli: also very delicious. \nOverall, solid restaurant with good food.']
["We have been dying to try this place... And so happy we did! Sat at the bar and the bartender Vincent was wonderful! He set us up for success with his descriptions of the menu and the pizza.  We started with a margherita pizza- delicious.  I then got a half order of Caesar (I'm a picky person with Caesars and it was perfect) -and a half order of carbonara, which was delicious.  My husband had the tortellini which was great! The only thing that I didn't love was that the squash purée was cold (it was purposefully cold). We got the l'opera for dessert and I really liked it. The people next to us got the tiramisu and I wish we got that.  The service was an A+,  food was Awesome and drinks were delicious! I would definitely suggest this and can't wait to go back!"]
["Absolutely wonderful. From start to finish this restaurant has never disappointed. Great bar, never had a bad drink there. Over the past two years I have been there multiple times and here is what I would recommend. \n\nBruschetta (delicious, but lately they have gotten a little skimpy on the goat cheese), Calamari (don't love the aioli. I would suggest ordering it with a side of marinara) Gnocci with short ribs, Tagliatelli, Hanger steak, and any pizza on the menu."]
["My parents received a gift card for Christmas and we chose to use it last week.  Since we knew nothing about their menu other than pizza, we decided to order three pizzas.  I believe they're 11 inch pizzas.  (too much for one person, but not enough for two)\n\nWe ordered the Margherita (sp?) pizza and two pizzas with shaved Parmesan cheese. The pizzas were slightly charred on the bottom with almost no oil on top.  (my mom liked that)  However, my dad and I thought they were nothing special.  There wasn't enough sauce on the pizzas.... there was an inch of crust with no sauce and not enough Parmesan cheese.\n\nLong story short... we won't be going back and I'm glad we paid with a gift card."]
["Overall, a great experience. We came in on a Tuesday evening, and they were busy, but we were able to snag a couple of seats at the bar. I enjoyed my cocktail (an infused bourbon drink), but my partner didn't care for hers. The bartender (Vincent) was really generous and comped the drink. \n\nThe pizzas were very good. The red sauce was delicious, as were the mushrooms on the white pizza. \n\nWe ended with affogatos. Highly recommended! \n\nBetween the food and the service, nothing was left to be desired. Definitely try to reserve a table, though... They fill up fast!"]
['Have the swordfish!  Eat all the breadsticks.  They leave a bottle of water on the table.  Lovely service. All good!!']
['Had been here before and was impressed. Maybe tonight was just an off-night, but it was really disappointing.  Our friendly but apparently ill-informed waiter described a beer as very hoppy, and it turned out to be pleasantly unhoppy. We ordered a sausage pizza, which arrived uncut and with all the sausage on one side; and a corn &amp; tomato pizza with no bacon. Both waiter and server repeated "no bacon," but...yep, it had bacon on it.  Both pizzas had a crispy crust at the edge, but underneath it was soggy.  The hostess kindly helped us out a couple of times, but the waiters were nowhere in sight when we needed something.  Not the way I\'d remembered this place when I suggested we go there. If the prices and vibe weren\'t so upscale, this might have been an "average;" under the circumstances, this meal earned only a "poor."']
["Yeah, the $18 pizza was good, but it was the same size as it was at their food truck, and it was 2/3rds the price at the truck. I thought for $18.00 it would be enough for two people, but no, that's a single serving size. Staff, etc was all good."]
['Good but not amazing. The olives sound good, but the seasoning actually isn\'t great. The caesar salad claims to come with "white anchovies" but came with half of one single anchovy filet. The pizza was described to us as "crunchy thin crust" but ended up being completely soggy. They are trying, no doubt they are trying, but it isn\'t quite happening yet.']
["We experienced Posto's pizza via their mobile oven. I highly recommend the pepperoni. Thin, Italian-style crust, tangy red sauce, and flavorful meat and cheese. What else can you really ask for?"]
["Had a lovely time at Posto -- perfect for groups of friends or family (a bit loud for a date, but there are  candles and dark lighting if you're looking for a romantic atmosphere without clearing out your wallet). They also have a walled out back room where it seems you can host events for 20 or so people. \n\nWe saw THREE suckling pigs come out during our meal and were overwhelmed with jealousy. Once I make enough friends who are willing to eat an entire pig with me, I might look into it. \n\nFor drinks, they have a great wine list by bottle and glass. They also have an impressive list of cocktails as well to suit any liquor drinker's needs. \n\nTheir food menu is extensive without being overwhelming. We started out with the arancini balls, nonna's meatballs, and calamari. All of which were amazing. Nonna's meatballs were moist, the calamari was hot and crisp, and the arancini balls were crispy.We also covered almost the entire pasta section. My crab and butternut squash tortellinis were delicious, fresh, and plated beautifully. Posto does a wonderful job of making both simple pasta dishes (carbonara, bolognese) and special ones (crab tortellinis!) outstanding.\n\nFor dessert, the apple galette was fantastic. Our gelato, however, was a little freezer burned."]
['Tried this place based in Yelp reviews. Was not disappointed. Great atmosphere with delicious pizza!!']
["I went here Friday night with an 8pm reservation with friends and loved it! We were seated promptly in a homey, rustic-chic space that sprawls but has a nice level of intimacy as well! Everything on their menu looks pretty delicious and has some nice twists on your typical Italian fare. We started with a bottle of wine which was a thoughtful recommendation by the server who selected it based on a malbec profile (earthy, blackberry undertones, full-bodied and a bit more bitter). The octopus salad was incredible with cannellini beans, olives, tomato, red onion, oregano, lemon vinaigrette, chile. The salad has a homey feel and its presentation and flavor was fresh, savory, clean and beautiful. For mains, I opted for the gnocchi with braised short rib (I'm usually not a huge fan) but this one was extraordinary with the smoky short rib and a generous splash of cream to finish it off. My husband ordered the Tagliatelle with ragu Bolognese made of veal, beef, pork and parmesan which was equally delicious. Friends enjoyed the gnocchi and the pork Milanese which was also a generous portion. The place was totally packed and it was very clear why. Fantastic fresh pastas and apps and I'm eager to return to try more of everything!!"]
["Tried Posto for a casual Sunday night anniversary dinner and it was solid pick! \n\nI'll try to keep this one short:\n\nThe ambiance was nice, tables a bit close together, however it was a small place. It wasn't over crowded and it was easy to have conversation with my bf across from me. But dont get me wrong, it was filled enough to show that it was a place worth trying. It was a bit dim in there, with nice wooden tables, chairs, and floors. It was casual and cozy enough for a good dinner date. \n\nThe food was pretty good, when we were at dinner we said we'd rate it 3-4, however yelp doesn't allow the half stars. We had the pepperoni pizza and a meat pasta dish. The pizza was perfect for us, we both loved the size, crust, quality, etc. No complaints. However the pasta was a bit disappointing. It wasn't a bad dish, just a bit blandish or anything too special about it. There wasn't enough meat and flavor, but it was cooked well. That's why we were leaning on the 3 star side. Does any one know if the pasta is house made?  But the desert definitely saved the day! The tiramisu was delicious and relatively light. We both couldn't put our spoons down.\n\nTl:dr: This is a nice, casual dining spot, would recommend for a date night. It was average priced, the pizza relatively pricey (but worth it)- two dishes, two drinks, two desserts ~ $60-70-Get the pizza and tiramisu and you wont regret it."]
['Reverse order:\nTiramisu - huge! Bit sugary, but so tasty. Hard, larger chocolate shavings, ladyfingers not entirely soggy on the inside. Nice amt. of liquor.\nMushroom + spinach pizza - maybe the weakest dish on the menu. The mushrooms were tasty, the cheese was perhpas just a smidgeon too plentiful.\nLasagna - amazing. Texture not like any other I have had ever. Fresh veggies.\nLooking for a repeat visit!']
['Ambiance was nice, somewhat casual. \n\nHard to find parking on Thursday around 9pm. \n\nYou are initially served with some odd breadsticks that are either absurdly dry/crunchy or strangely moist. Interesting idea, but not sure if the execution is ideal. \n\nBruschetta was amazing-- goat cheese flavor blended perfectly with the dressing. Probably the best Bruschetta I have ever had. \n\nPasta was rather flat and cardboard-y. For the price they charge, we expected much more.']
['Awful. No seasoning. Calamari Rhode Island style had zero peppers and was served with a cream sauce. Soggy overloaded pizza. Burnt yet floppy. Sausage had good flavor. Pasta carbonara sat and sat on a moderately busy Evening. Finally served with a film on it and cold to boot. Been here several times but never again. Blech. Babbo, here we come.']
['This place looked great on the Yelp reviews.\nSo we decided to give it a whirl.\n\nWe were promptly greeted, but decided to sit at the bar.\nVincent was awesome. All our cocktails were great!\nThe wine selection was well though out. \n\nWe started with the Carpccio and an Arugula Salad. Very fresh and flavorful.\n\nWe moved onto a pizza that was 1/2 Margarita and the other 1/2 Cavolo.\nAwesome!  One corner of the pizza could have been cooked a bit more. Next time we go, we can have them cook it a bit more. But very flavorful. \nHonestly, the closest I have had, to what Pizza tastes like in Italy.\n\nThe tiramisu was huge!  A little heavy on the mascarpone, but good.\nThe Biscotti were a nice end to our evening.\n\nWe will be back !']
["I cannot believe I have gone 5 years without trying this place. We went last night for our anniversary, and it was absolutely perfect. We are vegan, and there aren't many options for nice date-night places (excluding True Bistro, which is also wonderful). My now-hubs proposed to me in Italy, so it was only fitting that we have something Italian to celebrate.\n\nIt was incredibly easy to get a reservation for two on a Saturday night, and we were able to get the time we wanted through Open Table (book a few days in advance). We showed up a little early, and were seated right away. I immediately fell in love with the exposed ceilings, the open kitchen, and the gorgeous pizza oven. Our waiter was very nice and easy to chat with, and let us have some time to settle in and check the menu.\n\nDrinks: The beer list is wonderful, and there is an extensive wine menu. The hubs ordered a Peroni on draft, and I had a Spencer Trappist Ale. What goes better with pizza than beer??\n\nFood: Options for vegans are rather limited, but the staff is more than willing to make changes for you. To start, we ordered the spring salad (pole beans, long beans, pea tendrils, peas, olives). It was the first time I was blown away by a salad, and I've seen a lot of salads in my day. The pizza: I feel like describing it in words doesn't do it justice. The wood-fired crust is a bit charred with plenty of 'crust bubbles' (you know what I mean). The crust alone has so much flavor, I could it eat plain. The kitchen made us pizzas without cheese, and added mushrooms on top. The sauce has the right amount of acidity, salt and sweetness, and fresh basil makes it pop. \n\nIn short, I was blown away by the food. The vibe is casual yet special enough for a date, the service is lovely, and it is right in Davis Square. It was a little expensive but not overpriced. We've found a new favorite restaurant, and I cannot wait for my next trip!"]
['My favorite date night spot! We sat in the back so it was very romantic!! Everything about this place is top notch! I hope to be back soon for another date night!! Thank you fora great experience every time we were at your establishment!! :)']
["We had a wonderful dinner here. \n\nBecause our table was not ready when we arrived, we decided to sit at the bar, which in my opinion, was actually more conducive for a good conversation. Moreover, our bartender was also friendly and attentive. \n\nFor food, we ordered the Cavolo and magherita pizza. Both were very flavorful and freshly out of the open kitchen oven. I'd highly recommend the Cavolo. In addition, we also tried the lonza (cured wild boar). While it was tasty and exquisitely presented, the portion was very small. For dessert, we enjoyed the Nutella brownie. \n\nIn terms of the setting, I liked how the restaurant was modern and trendy."]
["I used to live behind Posto and would go all the time. The decor is trendy, this would make a great date spot.  One point however, is that I think the chef or prep has changed in some way.  The last two times I came were a disappointment in terms of food and service.     The prices have stayed the same, but I remember enjoying the food more the first few times I went.  The last time, the beef bourguignon that came with the gnocchi was  not the same fall apart-tender that I have had in the past.  The bruchetta used to be my favorite dish but the preparation changed.  They use different types of tomatoes and the balsamic glaze is way too sweet now.  The pizza is always spot on and I love the open kitchen concept.  The server was nice and polite, but very awkward in the interactions we had. (enough for everyone at the table to notice). Now that I have moved a bit further from Davis Square, I likely won't be making the trek up just for Posto.  It's just too expensive for what the food is."]
['We just enjoyed a wonderful dinner at Posto. My group of 4 arrived at 5pm for our reservation and we were seated right away. Our waitress Annie was very attentive, pleasant and welcoming. We started off with sangrias, a pomegranate lime ricky and a gin mule. The sangrias were delicious, as was pomegranate lime ricky. The gin mule was also very good, but lacking in the "mule" department. For apps we had the meatballs and bruschetta, both amazing. We then had the two specials of the evening, a rib eye and a buffalo chicken calzone, as well as the tortellini and the swordfish. We finished off the meal with coffee, the almond biscotti and an apple crostata. Needless to say we left extremely satisfied and will definitely be coming back, but maybe when there\'s less snow on the ground. With all of that we spent a total of $200, before tip. Can\'t wait to dine at Posto again!']
['Very nice place, authentic pizza, super friendly staff and solid collection of beer. \n\nThey use wood fire oven and their baking technique is certified Napolitano. The ingredients were very fresh. \n\nGreat beers featuring usual suspects (e.g., peroni, but also some exotic surprises from Belgium and other places). \n\nThe staff was super friendly, helpful and discrete. \n\nWe will go again!']
["Pros: outdoor seating, street parking is easy to find, reasonably priced, nice staff\n\nCons: service is slow, food is just average and needs more flavor\n\n\nCame here because my boyfriend and I decided we wanted to eat somewhere outside. This plate was so cute. walking up to the hostess stand everyone was super nice. A man seated us outside and a waitress came over quickly to give us water and take our drink orders. \n\nSomething that did bother me was that the staff kept the carafe of water on your table and poured it for you as needed, this is fine and all, but when it's 90 degrees outside and the carafe has been sitting there all throughout the apps and salad and now for the entrees the water is super warm. (Just something for the staff to think about and perhaps go about this differently ) I had to ask for ice for the carafe \n\nWe got bruschetta, pizza, arugula salad, and cavatelli. The bruschetta was good, I enjoyed the goat cheese on it. My boyfriend wasn't a fan that it had cherry tomatoes instead of regular ones though. The pizza was okay- it had plenty of sauce and cheese which I love, however the dough was reallyyyyy doughy and not cooked enough. The crust was soft with no crunch. It looked much better than it tasted. We even sat at the table looking at the photos on yelp before we ordered- we decided to go with the pizza because of the good looking photos. But again, it looked much better than it tasted. \n\n I am not sure if there is salt and pepper in this place, as I haven't seen any on the tables nor tasted it in the food. \nThe arugula salad was good- just needed salt and pepper.  Cavatelli pasta was a little bland- needed salt and pepper and maybe a quick spritz of lemon juice or something to give it more flavor without really adding anything to it. But it was good. Overall I think we would give this place another try, but not sure if I will go out of my way to do so."]
['This place rocks!!  Love it.\n\nGreat salads, the best bread.']
["So this is my second time dining at Posto.  The first time was a very good experience, I recall a fair amount of pizza ordering and leaving extremely happy.  But this review will focus on my most recent trip where I got to sample the delicious roasted pig.\n\nMy party was of 14 people, I believe we had to reserve our table a couple of weeks back, and lock in specifically the amount of people 5 days before the date.  We didn't need to order other sides as the pig came out with more than enough sides including salads, potatoes, cauliflower, and other things.  But even with all the sides, yea, there was no way we came close to finishing that succulent pig.\n\nTaste, yea, it was absolutely amazing.  Perfectly prepared.  Dripping with flavor.  Highly recommended."]
['I did my research on yelp before coming here and ordered the two most popular items that yelpers review - the Margherita pizza and the gnocchi. Both of these dishes are a home run.  The gnocchi sauce is absolutely incredible and to top it off the gnocchi is so light and fluffy that you hardly have to chew similar to the infamous pillows at the Salted Pig in NYC. \n\nService was impressive.  Due to poor planning on my part I failed to make a reservation so we ended up sitting in an uncomfortable lounge like area until a spot opened up for us at the bar.  The bartender came up and asked us if we would like to move up to the bar to eat our meals of which the obvious answer was "yes". We seamlessly escorted to two open seats we enjoyed the rest of our meal in a more comfortable setting. \n\nI\'m looking forward to the next time, where I\'m going to order the exact same thing.']
['Best pizza I have found since moving to the greater Boston area, not at all exaggerating. Fresh dough, strong and creative cocktails, lovely and comfortable ambiance, and, most importantly (for my husband and I, anyway), the sauce is absolute perfection. Had the olives and rosemary sea salt bread for appetizers and then meatball pizza along with the beets and goat cheese salad for dinner. Everything was fresh and delicious. Service was awesome. An easy and well deserved 5 stars, no question.']
['This is a awesome spot. Great menu, and even better atmosphere. Make reservations, fills up rather quickly']
["We had the arancini, the calamari and the arugula salad that we split between the 5 of us. We all thought they were delicious and we finished it all. I ordered the short ribs and the gnocchi, as did one of my friends. It was wonderful. My husband orders the swordfish over the polenta and he enjoyed it very much. My other two friends split a pizza (that was a special) and cod. They were really happy with their choices. Our waitress was great. Would definitely recommend to others and can't wait to go back."]
['Always delicious. We had a reservation for 7:30pm on a saturday night and we were wisked right in upon arrival - good sign!\n\nThe waitress was very friendly, didn\'t pressure us and had great suggestions - good sign #2\n\nI had the "Sparkler" cocktail and the sangria that was apple/pumpkin flavored and both were VERY DELICIOUS. I probably could have had 3 more of each. \n\nA friend and I split the meatball pizza and the apple pizza. Both were fantastic, the apple pizza did have some very fatty bacon on it - which some may like but it\'s not my fav. \n\nOverall, fantastic experience. This place really is delicious.']
["I stumbled upon Posto when I was in the neighborhood for a show at the Somerville Theatre. I was going solo so I sauntered up to the bar and took a seat (in my opinion, the only place to sit when dining solo). The bar was sleek and cool, made of marble. The bartender came right over and handed me a menu even though it was pretty busy. \n\nI ordered a glass of rose and the margherita pizza. The pizza was just slightly bigger than a personal size one. I only managed to squeeze in 3 of the 4 slices and even then I was stuffed. The crust was thin and well cooked, but the mozzarella didn't seem melted well enough. Overall though, it wasn't a bad pizza. \n\nI liked the contemporary look of the restaurant and the wine on the back wall behind the bar is an impressive collection and it was entertaining to watch the bartender climb the ladder to get a bottle. \n\nI would return here, perhaps with company and dine al fresco so you can watch the life on the street. It's just a short walk to Davis Square so if you are in the area, stop by this quaint little restaurant and check it out for yourself!"]
['What a wonderful restaurant experience we had tonight. Everything we ordered (calamari, arancini, pizzas, swordfish and rib eye) was delicious. We were there during a quiet period and the manager even let the kids try their (clean) hands at making a pizza! All the waitstaff we met were great as well. Thanks.']
["Love this place! Just recently moved to North Cambridge, and this is my new favorite restaurant in the area. It has a nice, relaxed ambiance, perfect for a date night or grabbing a meal with friends. \n\nGet the rosemary sea salt bread, the meatballs, and the tortellini. The pizzas are awesome too if that's what you're in the mood for. As far as drinks go, the gin-gin mule wins hands down.\n\nIf it's a Friday or Saturday night, you'll definitely want to make reservations."]
['Overpriced and overrated.  \n\nThe crust is solid, but the cheese is sub-par and the sauce is incredibly bland.  It needs more salt.  Basil was fresh, but how can you screw that up?  The fried green tomatoes were actually fried red tomatoes, and therefore lacked the proper texture and flavor of traditional fried green tomatoes.\n\nMade fun of by our waiter for ordering 3 Margherita Pizzas.  Awesome!']
["I would comment on the food, except Posto's staff did a good job of depriving me of trying any of it.\n\nMy girlfriend and I came by the other day to treat ourselves to an Italian meal. Since the place was fairly crowded, the host put my name down on the list. As my girlfriend and I were patiently waiting for a table, we noticed three couples and two parties of three (who had come in before us) get seated. This happened over a time-span of twenty minutes or so. At this point we inquired with the hostess. She explained to us that she assigned us to specific table and that it should be ready shortly. Patiently, we waited another fifteen minutes or so. During this time, another party of three and another couple were seated - ARE YOU SERIOUS! At this point we just left out of principle and gave our patronage to Keju down the street, which was great!\n\nEither the hostess had no common sense or she was following the orders of a manager who has no common sense. Sure, it's okay to plan ahead and assign a table for new customers on the list to sit down at. HOWEVER, it is common practice to seat waiting customers at a table that happens to open up earlier. Not following the first-come-first-serve protocol is appropriate when a large (4+) party is waiting and a large table opens up. It's just unacceptable when an well-established restaurant can't follow basic seating etiquette. \n\nBased on this experience, I do not intend to come here. In addition, the prices are patently marked-up. And no, it's not because they have quality ingredients (we all know fresh ingredients don't cost that much), it's a lame marketing strategy."]
["I have come here numerous times and each time I love it. The pizza is the best I've had anywhere in the Boston area, it's a nice place to sit, the staff is always friendly, A+. I don't really know what I can say that hasn't already been said, but I do have to say the appetizers have disappointed me each and every time I've ordered one. I have not had a single appetizer here that wasn't pretty mediocre. But I won't knock off a star because the pizza is just SO GOOD. I will return again and again for it!"]
["Amazing food, amazing drinks, amazing atmosphere, amazing service.  Even the chicken breast - which I typically avoid in favor of a juicer cut - was outstanding.  Really can't say enough good things about Posto - I'll be back every day this week."]
['Decided to come here for a Sunday night date and we were so happy we did. The staff was brilliant and kind, the buratta was perfect and our entrees delighted. Highly recommend the cannoli for dessert! Perfect evening out to dinner.']
['Posto was very pleasant.  The staff make you feel like royalty.  The ambiance is sort of giant wine cellar meets grand tuscan home.\n\nDishes are delish - see my pics.  Drinks are a must!  One of my tablemates got the peachy keen whisky drink - SO good.  not too sweet and very refreshing.  I got a green flash IPA which was super tasty.  So tasty I got a second beer with dessert.  While drinking that, I said something along the lines of, "I really shouldn\'t be drinking this, but my God it\'s so good"\n\nSpeaking of so good.  That tiramisu!! some of the best I\'ve had.  Light and fluffy cream.  Perfectly soaked lady fingers.  Bittersweet dark chocolate snow on top.']
["I hadn't been to Posto for a couple of years. The ambiance is very nice, and we were seated in a quieter room to the side of the main dining area. First course: bibb lettuce and pomegranate salad--kind of watery and tasteless. The main course, squash lasagna, was good and large, though pretty heavy on the cheese. I couldn't finish it. Unfortunately, after we got coffee, our server kind of forgot about us and we were sitting there for a really long time. Eventually, my friend had to look for her so we could get the check and leave. Since the lasagna was the best part of the evening, I was pretty disappointed when I went to heat up the leftovers today. The server had given me someone else's food!"]
['Great food and service, will definitely come back again! The bolognese is always done well :)']
["One of my favorite pizza spots in Cambridge. The other dishes aren't great, but if you stick with the pizza you will not be disappointed. It's wood-fired pizza, so the crust can come out a little charred, but they have delicious cheese and meat options that make this one of my go-to picks for a dinner date."]
['Loved the bruschetta, the wine selection and the tiramisu.. And for the mains, tried the butternut squash ravioli and the salmon another time.. Loved both. The service is quick and attentive.']
["Love! Delicious everything, EVERYTIME. From their flatbreads to pasta- check it out if you're looking to eat in the Davis Square neighborhood."]
['Was here with my fiancée tonight and was unfortunately very disappointed with the food.\n\nWe had the roasted pork pizza and the tagliatelle and shared a portion of the olives. The olives were great, an interesting preparation and served hot however that is where the positives end.\n\nThe pizza was slightly charred on the base, adding a charcoal flavor to every bite and the topping combination was very average tasting. The pasta, although wonderfully cooked, was very bland and under seasoned. The only discernible taste was a slightly sweet herby flavor, the flavor of the tomatoes which we had looked forward to did come through....\n\nService was great, attentive but not annoying.']
["You can never go wrong with VPN certified pizza.  It was my first time visiting Boston and we decided to check out this joint, despite being in the suburbs.  It turns out this is the only VPN certified spot in all of New England.  The place was packed, and looked like a neighborhood favorite.  Very large space but very dark inside as well.\n\nOur waitress was very friendly, and I mean super friendly! We ordered the arancini balls as an appetizers, which are a MUST-TRY because they were the best arancini I've ever had. It must be because they were accompanied with a sauce, which elevated the crunchy and semi-dry texture from the rice.\n\nI got the traditional mozzarella pizza ($14)  which was great.  Glad to see that the VPN certified pizza tastes the same even across the border!  We even tried a wine from Oregon wine which complimented our dishes nicely.\n\nGreat spot, I would come back for sure if I wanted to have pizza again in  Boston."]
['One of my favorite pizza places. The place is also super cool with a nice atmosphere. We had like 3 different pizzas and they were all delicious. They also have other things on the menu but we went for the pizza.']
['There is always a long wait here so make sure you make reservations! Romantic ambience and friendly service. A great place for dates, but I saw families here too!\n\nFor the appetizer, I tried the Polpo (greek octopus and soppressatta with garbanzo beans). This was okay, I am not a big fan of octopus and this was a bit chewy for me. However, the sauce they used was very tasty. \n\nI heard a lot about the pizzas here so I had to try them! I ordered the Parma (prosciutto, mozzarella, aruguala, and lemon anchovy vinaigrette), This was delicious! So much flavor and just the right amount of everything. The crust itself was thin, which made the flavors stand out more. It was a decent sized personal pizza which I could not finish by myself. One complaint about this pizza was that it was a bit hard to eat because of all the toppings.']
["Pre-Boston marathon dinner 2015! We had a great meal. The service was really wonderful except that it was a bit slow for us...other tables kept getting turned over and we were still waiting: on food, on our check, etc. Other than that, it was great. The pasta, the proteins - the tiramisu! - all delicious. I don't think you can go wrong here."]
["Went here for the first time the other day and our waitress made it a very good experience. The drinks were delicious and the appetizers were to die for. My husband got a pizza that had bacon on a bunch of greens on it that he loved. I ordered squash pasta which the sauce was so good but the inside of the tortellini was cold which I wasn't very found of. The took the pasta off since I didn't eat which was very nice. The waitress was very bubbly and happy would defiantly make sure to have her again which we return."]
["Posto really is one of the best modern Italian restaurants around. Went last night for dinner and shared the meatballs and the mushroom/polenta dish to start. The meatballs were the star but the mushroom dish was creamy and delicious - really wonderful!\n\nFor dinner, we split the apple pizza and there really are no words! It is one of the best wood fired pizzas around. I've previously tried some of the other pizzas here and they are consistently really great. Other people in our party got the salmon and steak as entrees - both were extremely well received and not a bit left on anyone's plate!\n\nFor dessert - order the tiramisu. Just do it. Even if tiramisu isn't your favorite, it's exceptional here, creamy and fluffy and everything it should be (and a great sized portion)! We split another dessert - some ricotta/orange/chocolate torta and it was pretty mediocre but it was saved by the tiramisu. And the gin gin mule - one of the best cocktails around! Not too sweet and just boozy enough."]
['We. Love. Posto.\n\nFrom the weird bread "sticks", to the appetizers, to the pizza, to the entrees, and dessert, you really can\'t go wrong. I don\'t even know how to be specific writing this review because we have tried so many things, and a lot of what they have on their menu is seasonal, so I\'ll just go with some notables in each category:\n\nApps:\n\nNonna\'s Meatballs are awesome. There are usually five meatballs total, in a house made red sauce and covered with mozzarella cheese. YUM.\n\nThe Burratta is always delicious and creamy.\n\nThe rosemary sea salt bread is fantastic dipped in their chili infused olive oil, but it is very salty (maybe a plus or a minus depending on your taste?)...\n\nThe Arancini is so amazing that my husband (probably in a signature cocktail induced moment - those are good too) thought that they were meatballs. They are not, nor do they taste like meatballs, but we REALLY love Nonna\'s meatballs, so that\'s how good the Arancini were.\n\nSalad:\n\nI have always been a fan of the Arugula salads, regardless of their make-up. They are pretty large, so they can be good for sharing between two people, and the flavors are always balanced well\n\nPizza:\n\nOh, how I wish I hadn\'t given up pork... The Frutta pizza is super good, and my husband always likes the Calabrese. Their Zucca white pizza changes with the seasons, as well as a couple of others, I think, but you really can\'t go wrong. The pizzas are big enough to share if you\'re getting some apps and a salad, but we have been known to order two pizzas (because we like completely different things) and polish off more than half of each in a sitting.\n\nEntrees: \n\nThese also shift with the seasons, but most recently, I had the Braised Short Rib Gnocchi (very very good, though the gnocchi was slightly undercooked) and the Jonah Crab Tortellini. Both were amazing.\n \n\nDessert:\n\nWe rarely have room for this, but in the dozen or so times we\'ve been to Posto in the last few years, we have had:\n\nThe Tirsmisu - Made with local Taza chocolate. If you haven\'t had Taza, be warned that it is grainy by nature (part of it\'s charm in my opinion).\n\nThe Cannoli - Really really good. The ricotta is a bit creamier than it might be at Mike\'s or Modern Pastry, though.\n\nThe Gelato - My husband is a sucker for ice cream, and has enjoyed all flavors he has tried.\n\nCocktails:\n\nPosto has some great signature cocktails - our current favorite is the Autumn Sangria. Not too sweet - really great flavors. Also, their regular cocktails are served in pretty large glasses (!).\n\nPosto has become one of our regular dinner haunts, and it never disappoints.']
["This place is my favorite restaurant in Boston. The pizza (get the Salsiccia!) is somehow crunchy and impossibly soft at the same time. The tiramisu is gobsmackingly delicious and the size of a treasure chest. The service is so good you think you might be forgiven for thinking you are at the Four Seasons. The music is audible yet perfectly suited to conversation, the lighting subtle in how it sets a romantic undertone. And the kitchen and floor managers are earnest, attentive, and friendly. \n\nAbsolutely come here--it's perfect for a date, a pre-game before a night on the town, your parents, or catching up with an old friend."]
['Posto was amazing! Definitely an older crowd vibe...most people there were between 25-35. Pretty loud, but good vibes and decor. Food was delicious! I got a squash crab tortellini which was out of this wiggity world (9.5/10). A little cramped, but good for small groups. Open and active pretty late at night.']
["Time and time again I have a wonderful experience at Posto. The pizza is delicious, the appetizers the perfect way to start a meal, and there is a wine list unlike any other in Davis Square. Plus, their desserts are wonderful: huge pieces of tiramisu for only $7, perfect for a table of 3-4 to split. Speaking of prices, their pizza isn't very expensive, either - well under/comparable to other places in the area, and you're getting a better pizza. The only thing that brings up the bill is going to be the wine, but it's worth getting a nice bottle while you're there.\n\nI've also done takeout from Posto, and they have the pizza delicious and ready in just 15 minutes. Make sure you're on time, though - you don't want your pizza to sit! Bring it home and eat it up!"]
['Over the years, my attendance at Posto has dwindled from 4 times a week to maybe 3 times a year.\n\nI don\'t know what happened.  The management changed, they got all new servers and bartenders.  A new chef.  And it was very popular.  These are not bad things.\n\nI just kinda miss the "old\' days from 2010 when it was MY place.  The food has changed a bit.\n\nI went on Monday night and the menu is now one half page, as opposed to a book, which was how it used to be.  This is not a bad thing.\n\nThe arancini is still on the menu and we got that right away.  My friend who LOVED the arancini in visits past, said it tasted different.  I didn\'t think it was bad, but I guess it was a little less saucy as before.  Which is fine with me, I don\'t really like saucy arancini.\n\nShe got the Maine crab tortellini and remarked how small the portion was (it was quite small) almost laughable, almost appertizeresque.  I offered her some of my pasta which was shrimp and sopressata with spaghetti in a tomato sugo.  She tried it and liked it.  I don\'t like crab or tortellini so I skipped her offer to try her dinner.\n\nThe wine was good (Nero d\'Avola for me and a hearty pour at that) maybe 6 oz as opposed to 4 oz which is the norm down the street @ Spoke.\n\nMy friend got a Slumbrew and while craft beer/draft beer is not usually my thing, I tried it and liked.  Quite nice!  I am glad I found a craft beer I like, very drinkable - especially on a cold night when you are in a warm restaurant.  I normally get Corona Light with a lime, don\'t judge..it goes well with my tacos and just about anything else!\n\nWe had a nice time conversing and the music was not loud, the service kind and I took a doggie bag home to my dog, er fiance.  Who promptly devoured the spaghetti at 6am the next day for breakfast.  Cold.\n\nWill I return?  Yeah, sure.  They still make good pizza and as long as they have wine, I\'m there!']
['Posto has one of my favorite calamari dishes in the Boston area but it can be a little inconsistent sometimes in terms of how oily it gets. However, the heart of this place is the pizza and I definitely love those. The apple white pizza is by far my favorite!']
["I thoroughly enjoy the pizza at Posto, that's all I've actually tried, so I can't speak to anything else, but definitely some of the best pizza I've had. The ability to drink alcohol while enjoying the pizza is a bonus for those that dig the adult beverages.\n\nThe location is convenient, even if you rely on public transit, which is always helpful. I do wish the hours were a little bit better, and I wouldn't hate it if it were a little cheaper, but overall a nice place with good food and friendly staff. Almost always super busy, so be prepared to wait, or try reserving a table ahead of time."]
['If Posto were a man, he and I would be in a long-term, loving relationship that just grows more charmingly comfortable with the years.\n\nI love its skinny, crunchy "breadsticks" in the glass vase on the tables. I love its spicy chili-infused oil that tastes SO. DAMN. GOOD. with the pizza crusts. I love its awesome wine list, and the Malbec I just tried a few weeks ago. I love its appetizers, ranging from Nona\'s meatballs to calimari. I love its pasta dishes that come in half or full portions, depending on the size of the fat kid inside you (we opted for full last time, on top of two appetizers and pizzas). I love its thin, charcoal-grilled pizzas that come in white or red varieties (I could be happy eating just their margherita pizza day in and day out). I love its desserts, like the tiramisu that was bigger than my head, with equally large flavor. I love its excellent service and romantic ambience, whether you\'re at the bar, in the main dining room, or in that cute little enclosed space near the open kitchen. \n\nI love you, Posto. Thank you for always providing me with such wonderful dining experiences and beautiful memories. I\'ll be seeing you.']
["Quick bites.\n\nA small group of us gathered at Posto for a bit of pizza and partying to send off our colleague.  We sat in the back alcove area of the restaurant which is much quieter than the front area seating. Although this was a mid-week visit, the restaurant was still very active and having a bit of a respite from the noise was welcome. I recommend you ask to be seated in this area.\n\nYou come to Posto for the wine and pizza, mostly, and you will not be disappointed.  We ordered the Calamari and the Judith-point squid was very tender and delicately fried.  This appetizer amply serves four.\n\nWe ordered two pizza's, the Margherita and the Porchetta. All of the pizzas are wood-fired so they assume a wonderful woody aroma and flavor while the crust remains thin and crisp.\n\nTo ensure we did not leave hungry, we ordered the Cavatelli pasta (with lamb) which was also superb.  A bottle of Tenuta Delle Terre Nere, Sicily was a steal at $39 (BTW, Sicilian wines are among the best values these days).  This is a great, easy-drinking lighter red variety with a slightly fruity bouquet.\n\nDessert was OK; we ordered the Affagato which did it's job by duly melting the gelato as soon as the espresso was poured over it. Alas, this is not a good dessert for sharing!\n\nIn all, I've added a star since my last review.  I think the key to enjoying Posto is to find a quiet table and order what they do best: Pizza, Pasta, and Wine ;-)  I do want to try their Whole Roasted Pig Dinner someday if I can round up enough farmhands!"]
["Very cute, cozy, romantic ambiance...especially in the back dining room.\nDecent wine selection, but slightly overpriced. \nThe pizzas are really good and pretty big too.\nI had a salad with pomegranate vinaigrette/feta and although the produce was super fresh, the dish wasn't memorable.\nMy bf's gnocchi was pretty good too. \nGood service and nice managers. \nThere's a little parking lot behind this place and plenty of street parking so it's good for large groups"]
["So I went there last Monday and we were a group of 11 people. It's a nice place to go for either a date or with a bunch of people. I liked the ambiance and the food, but what I loved the most was the bruschetta!! It was just yum. The best I've had. \nI would definitely go there again, and this time on a date. :-)"]
['Really disappointed with this place because I really enjoyed my first 3 meals there. The cooks know what they are doing but the service was horrendous my last 3 trips. One time, they delivered the wrong meal to my table without me knowing. After I took 2 bites, she came back and said, that\'s not your food, why did you start to eat it? I was really embarrassed about it but it really was her fault and she did not apologize. Then the next time they had us waiting 20 mins for patio seating, when there were 3 open tables that just needed silverware. The host stood behind the desk with nothing to do on a quiet night. After 20 mins we decided to inform them we were leaving because of the wait for an open table and once again, "oh ok." They should call this place no apologies. It\'s sad because the food is really good']
["This place has it all. Comfortable atmosphere, great food, and an attentive staff. Since everyone is showering this place with high praise and giving food recommendations, I'll just leave you with a few tips.\n\n1) Make a reservation, regardless of the time or day. It never hurts and they'll start to remember you. If you find a waiter/waitress you like, ask for them (comp'd dishes are great). \n2) Sit away from the door if possible. On a cold winter night or hot summer day, you're going to get a nice blast from outside whenever people open the door. Space is a premium here and they pack the tables closely. \n3) You can order meals while sitting on the bar. It can be faster to sit there than to wait for a table when it's busy. \n4) There's a tiny parking lot. If you're really lucky you'll get a spot. \n5) These guys run the Painted Burro and the new Rosebuds. Check them out if you have a chance. They're all within a stones throw away from each other."]
['In the best pizza debate, Posto gets tossed in there every now and then. Admirable are its tenants of Neapolitan pizza, going so far as to get that certification or award or what have you. And indeed, there was some decent flavor in that crust. Yet the true beauty were the toppings of the Porchetta. That roasted pork was delicious - I just wish there was more of it.\n\nFor the crust was a bit too chewy near the edges, and almost lacking in the vast majority of the middle. So thin it was hardly noticeable and contributed zero flavor to those bites. The crust was used merely as a way to cook the toppings together and not to add to the flavor of the meal. Again, this is only for the interior of the pizza, which is sadly a majority of it.\n\nNow, I suspect the rosemary sea salt bread is made from the same dough or one very similar to it. If you want to experience what the crust should taste like, get that. Otherwise, Picco still tops the gourmet pizza charts.']
["I love this place and try to make my way there every few months. I've sampled at least 75% of the menu at this point and I can safely say that this is one of the best Italian restaurants in the Boston area. Credentials: 100% 1st born Italian male (hold the wooden spoon please). The pizza oven sits out in the open and the prosciutto pizza is incredible. The bolognese is also one of the best I've had.\n\nPosto has an awesome drink/wine menu - sit at the bar and chat with the cool bartenders. Or if it's nice out try to sit outside on the patio.\n\nIt can get busy so try to book a table beforehand - and save yourself the stress and take an uber because we all know how fun trying to find a spot in Davis Sq can be."]
["On my first date with my now fiancée, we talked about our travels and how neither of us could find anything close to what we tasted in Naples here in the States. A couple years later, we finally found it at Posto. Soft, charred dough. Sweet San Marzano sauce. Literally fresh mozzarella (it's made in-house). Posto took us right back to the real stuff. Front-of-house service was on point, start to finish. That includes the reservationist, hostess, server (Holly), food runners, back servers, etc. if you live in the Boston area, this place is a MUST try."]
['Enjoyed my dinner at Posto. We ordered 2 pizzas for 2 people because they were on the small side. I also had wine and my bf had beer. Thought the pizza was good, but on the pricey side. I would consider going back, but we have other places we enjoy just as much, if not not more and they cost 1/3 less.']
['The Slice Guys expectations were high going into the evening as Posto\'s inspiration is the Associazione Verace Pizza Napoletana (AVPN). AVPN ("True Neapolitan Pizza Association"), which was founded in 1984, has set the very specific rules that must be followed for an authentic Neapolitan pizza. These include that the pizza must be baked in a wood-fired, domed oven; that the base must be hand-kneaded and must not be rolled with a pin or prepared by any mechanical means and that the pizza must not exceed 35 centimeters in diameter or be more than one-third of a centimeter thick at the center. Check, check and check, however, without proper execution, these standards wont help you.\n\nSigh To be honest these guys don\'t even know where to begin. Posto does have a great drink selection, a pleasing atmosphere with beautiful, very capable and accommodating wait staff, but in the grand scheme of things that doesn\'t matter because the pizza was just disappointing.\n\nOver the past month the Guys have been discussing "The Sag" and its relevance with relation to a pizza\'s taste and overall experience which ultimately contributes to a pizzeria\'s final slice rating. This was ironic because Posto can now be used as a prime example to determine the significance of "The Sag" during future vernacular debates and whether or not The Sag can make or break a pizza. So what was the verdict you ask? Well, that is still undecided since the guys came to a split decision on this one but that does not eliminate the fact that Posto\'s pizza sagged so much that you couldn\'t even pick it up with your hands, Fold be damned. This factor ultimately concluded that Posto pizza is better suited as an entrée that you eat with a "fork and knife" because if eaten with your hands it will most definitely end up on your plate or in your lap.\n\n"I don\'t even feel like I ate pizza tonight" - Boboli\n\nWe were joined by excellent company that evening aka "The Corn Muffin" and for the most part we all had a great night but that doesn\'t diminish that fact that this supposed AVPN inspired pizza establishment severely undercooked the pizzas. Sure the ingredients were primo but who cares when every other aspect lacked proper execution. All of the ingredients that topped these pies would have held up strong as a solo entrée and the crust could have been better served as a dinner roll simply because it seemed as if they didn\'t know how to use the brick oven. If it wasn\'t for their tasty toppings (with the exception of the meatball which we will address shortly) things could have been devastating for Posto on the Slice-O-Meter scale.\n\nThe Margherita - This was your typical standard Margherita Pizza - or that\'s what it wanted to be.  The pizza came out in record time (four minutes by our count) and there were a few issues right off the bat. First, the cheese looked like it was barely melted - the Mozzarella Balls were distinguishable with no browning on the cheese, but there was charring of the basil which was burnt in places - taking away the freshness of the spice.  The dough has a surprisingly dichotomous Jekyll and Hyde aspect to it - it was undercooked, but somewhat charred on the bottom in places - but was not doughy.  It was just plain unpleasurable.  The taste wasn\'t terrible, and at times it was even flavorful, but overall it failed.  Sauce was the only high note - but how do you go wrong with fresh uncomplicated San Marzano?\n\nThe Meatball pizza was reminiscent of Chef Boyardee Beefaroni despite Posto\'s claim to have included three high quality meats (i.e. beef, veal and pork). Yes, you heard us, all five of us agreed that it\'s similarity to Chef Boyardee was uncanny. Don\'t get us wrong here because some of the SGs were raised on good ole\' Chef Boyardee but as adults who are paying $15+ for a 14" pizza that is totally unacceptable.\n \nThe Salsiccia - You could barely taste the broccoli rabe which seems to be impossible seeing that broccoli rabe has such a distinct and defined bitter flavor. Although the whipped ricotta was delicious it pretty much oozed from off of the crust onto the plate leaving a bowl of tasty fennel sausage and ricotta soup to mop up with the remaining soggy, wet and limp crust.\n\nThe Covolo - Kale, mozzarella, pork belly, farm fresh egg; flavors were delicious; however the same issues apply.  The egg gave it a great rich flavor, but only added to the sag.  The crust was still doughy and the pork belly was haphazardly laid on the pizza with no intention or purpose.  Another prime example of "all show and no substance"- poor execution throughout.\n\nThe Porchetta - Fresh porchetta with fontina, asiago, red onion and fresh oregano.  In an evening of disappointments, this can be considered the one high point. The crust was crispy, the porchetta was delicious, and the pizza stood up relatively well.\n\nRegardless, the Slice Guys can only offer Posto - 4.5 Slices of an 8 Slice Perfection']
['One of our favorite family restaurants. Casual and relaxed. Amazing pizza dough with sea salt. Love the olives and bruschetta. Love the Rosemary bread! We enjoy chatting with the owner and the waitresses are always sweet. Our son\'s "go to" spot for every special occasion.']
['I first experienced Posto because it was one of the food truck options at my work. I honestly must say that it is amongst my most favorite pizza places ever. I always get the Tomato Basil  Mozzarella and it is always MAGICAL.\n\nThe restaurant is VERY cute as well and service was friendly and quick! There really needs to be a Posto in Back Bay or Beacon Hill!']
['Yum! The pasta is delish. I recommend the lobster pasta dish. East Coast lobster is great!!']
['This is a pricey place but I think worth it. \n\nThe pizza is pretty darn good and more authentic neapolitan think billowy crust than anything else in Boston (though Penguin Pizza is still the best pizza in Boston even if not as authentic), but the toppings could be more inspired and flavorful to go with the great crust. The past was really good as was the bread and prosciutto plate. \n\nService was a little slow but considering they were slammed (on a Thursday night!!!) not bad, and the server was very nice, helpful, and not pretentious.\n\nDefinitely a place that you will spend some money at but will be guaranteed a good time and good food.']
['Delicious. Both restaurant and food truck are great. I keep coming back for the pizza.']
["Just moved to Boston. Had a wonderful time! Beautiful ambiance and scrumptious food. Started with a pane and gratinata then shared a pizze that we had ordered half one flavor and half another- Frutta and soppressata; amazing. We sat at the bar because we didn't have a reservation. The bartender's Vincent and Cote were very fun and sweet. Will be back!"]
["Our food was excellent though they were out of grilled octopus (the calamari was a suitable replacement.) \n\nThe only real oddity was that we ordered some dessert and our check was placed on the table before the dessert even arrived.  I know you're trying to turn tables, but that's BS.  \n\nNext time we will definitely try the pizza.  And if you are going on a weekend, reservations are a must.  As we waited a few minutes for our 7pm table we heard people being told the wait was almost 2 hours."]
["A great little neighborhood joint with an innovative menu that isn't so far outside the box that you would need to be an arrogant hipster to truly enjoy. It's the perfect combination of size, decor, and delicious food that if you were to choose it as a first date spot it would speak highly of your taste and class. The bar and atmosphere are also such that if you find yourself dining solo you won't have an issue striking up some pleasant conversation with the bar staff and they have a super natural ability to offer suggestions of perfect libations to compliment anything on their menu."]
["For appetizers, we ordered the Arancini and it's perfectly breaded and tastes delicious!  Their pizza is okay, the crust is good, but the topping could be better tasting. I personally like their food truck pizza better, but then again, I haven't tried ordering the same pizza from the restaurant vs. the food truck.  However, if you ever see their food truck, definitely get their pizza - it's one of the best I've had!\n\nOn a small side note, they offer breadsticks before your meal, but if you're sitting outside, be forewarned - their breadsticks are long, and if it's windy out, they'll get knocked over and the glass they're in might break!  It almost happened to us, and we saw it happen to the table next to us."]
['We were led here by the great reviews on this page and were so excited to try it out. The bread was good.. Our appetizer was good. Our server was very friendly and attentive. But... we ordered the Frutta pizza and were served what might have been a decent pizza, but it was completely covered in raw bacon. The uncooked bacon was then covered by arugula, so it wasn\'t until we actually started eating it that we realized. It wasn\'t just one or two undercooked pieces. I am quite literally saying that from crust to crust, this thing was covered in completely uncooked bacon. I am becoming nauseated recalling this "meal"... I eventually told the server who seemed quite embarrassed and said that it did look "undercooked." It was flat out uncooked, but I can\'t imagine what I would have said if I were in his shoes... I cannot believe that anyone pulled this thing out of the oven and believed that it was cooked at all. \n\nThey asked if i wanted another pizza, but I could not imagine eating anything after accidentally eating uncooked bacon, so I politely declined. On our way out the manager said that she didn\'t know the bill was already taken to us, and she gave us a dessert to take home. I did appreciate that but she kind of ruined it with her commentary. She "apologized" but said next time they\'ll make our bacon extra crispy, as if we were just whining that our bacon wasn\'t crispy. This wasn\'t the issue... it was not cooked at all!']
['This review is for takeout ONLY. I haven\'t had a sit-down meal in the restaurant.\n\nWe ordered two pizzas for pickup on a Sunday night - one Margherita, and one Caponata. We came home to find the toppings were extremely sparse, and the dough chewy and kind of soggy (definitely not crispy).\n\nWas the pizza tasty? Meh. I don\'t really understand all the rave reviews. For spending $40 on pizza, I expect to fart rainbows after eating it, and for angels to frolic on my tongue. Instead, it was all very average in taste, but well above-average in price. I may change my mind after having a meal in-house, but I think I\'ll stick to getting my "gourmet" pizza from Emma\'s in Kendall Square.']
['Oh posto.\n\nHonestly, this place is great. The servings aren\'t as large as I\'m used to but I recognize that its my large appetite to blame for this, as most people would probably consider their servings "just right".\n\nOnto the food. Literally have never had anything bad here. I will admit I\'ve never had the pizza\'s as I usually go for dinner, and pizza for dinner in a quality restaurant like this seems like a bit of a waste. The pastas and the steak are all amazing and expertly seasoned. The Steak was legitimately 100% better than at Grill 23, which  happens to almost charge double. Same goes for the desserts and apps, all excellent. My favorite dessert is the apple crostata. The cocktails have pretty much always been good as well.\n\nThe atmosphere is also quite good. Dimly lit dining experience but not pretentious enough to make you feel stuffy. For dinner it is usually a packed house but I\'ve never had to wait more than 30 minutes for a table of two with no reservations. Definitely worth it as a "date spot".\n\nIn summary this restaurant punches above its price point in terms of taste and ambiance. For this quality it deserves its 5 star rating. I\'ve been to many of the most expensive places in Boston with big names, price points, and prefix meals. Posto honestly beats almost all in terms of taste for less money. This characteristic is hard to find among restaurants these days.']
['Posto does a great job serving the Yelpers every time they roll in, announced or unannounced. \n\nThe GGM is one of my favorites now! Thanks Posto. \n\nThe service is always great and the waitstaff is on top of keeping the checks in order. \n\nThe calamari and PEI mussels hit the spot but the Tomato &amp; Goat Cheese Brochette was a bit too salty for my taste.\n\nAlways a great place to meet new people, chill and have a relaxing time.']
['Posto has certainly made it into the regular rotation. Always consistent, nice drinks, good service, open and spacious atmosphere. Went here with about 10 last Saturday for my friend\'s birthday - the big 30, he was a little down so we had to cheer him up and his girlfriend knew Posto was the place. \n\nThe best part of the meal was the Octopus Carpacci. This was a truly exquisite use of seafood in carpaccio; the presentation was beautiful. The menu describes Octopus Carpaccio as "roast tomato pasato, castelvetrano, dijon &amp; shallot vinaigrette." In addition, beets, red onions, micro greens and croutons finished the dish. This is one of the most unique presentations of octopus that I have ever seen and Posto pulled it off masterfully. \n\nFor Entrée I had the "White Gulf Shrimp, skillet roasted, white wine, oven cured tomatoes, red chile, clipped herbs, tagliatelle pasta." This was an excellent change from their pizza. The shrimp were tender, cooked perfectly and white wine sauce was almost a beure blanc preparation, accented nicely with by the chile and roasted tomatoes. Well done. A bottle of Flaminio paired well with the whole meal. \n\nExcellent service, we\'ll be back soon.']
['Decided to try this place out. Got the soppressata pizza and it was delicious. Brick oven goodness. Pizza size is kinda small for the price but good portions for 2 people.\n\nService could have been a bit better. We were not rushed in any way but waitress could have been more attentive. \n\nI would come back.']
['Made my way from CT to Somerville, MA just to try Posto. I was very impressed, I was drawn in by the hopes of a delicious wood fired pizza but as I saw some entrees come out I knew this place was much more. \n I sat at the bar and Vincent waited on me, he was great. A master of his craft, he was very helpful for a first timer diner like myself. I saw him interact with the other guests and he had full control of the bar. \n Since I am a pizza chef myself I had to check out the wood fired burning oven and was happily surprised to see the kitchen is open and part of the experience. What a beautiful oven to show off. \n I had the Arancini appetizer which was wonderful. A nice lemon and oregano flavor served with a spicy sweet and sour tomato sauce.  Also had to try "Nonna\'s" meatballs which were perfect. They have a nice selection of beers on tap and I went with an amber ale brewed by Stone Brewing, cold and crisp. \n Next time I will try the Osso Bucco as that is one of my all time favorite Italian dishes but I was here for one thing, pizza! I went with the Margherita and it did not disappoint. Quite the opposite, the ingredients were fresh and top quality. My taste buds were tickled. To be a true Neapolitan pizzeria you have to be certified and Posto is. Meaning they follow strict guidelines set in place to keep the Neapolitan experience authentic. Fresh basil, extra virgin olive oil, sea salt, Fior Di latte and the finest tomatoes in the world. All on top of a dough recipe that is made properly and cooked to perfection. I love pizza and Posto has the best I have tasted. The crust was one inch as it should be and the chile oil they have to drizzle on top of the pizza is a huge step up from putting crushed red pepper flakes on my slice, although I will still do that when needed. \n I recommend Posto to anyone who has healthy taste buds and I will be back soon, Bon Appetitio']
['My girlfriend and I have been back multiple times and always leave fully satisfied and wanting more. The braised short rib potato gnocchi is incredible, but then again most of their pasta dishes are delicious. As far as pizza goes, we have had it once and enjoyed every bite of it, though it may be a bit flimsy and hard to eat by hand.  \n\nOverall, I highly recommend this place!']
["Had this one bookmarked for a while and went here on a whim because of the calamari pix that someone posted, but sadly, our calamari wasn't fried long enough which was a big bummer.  The sweet corn risotto was okay, but wouldn't order it again. Loved my mushroom pizza, but the soprassata didn't taste right.\nService was good, but paying $80 for 2 small pizza's and 2 apps, seemed \na little on the expensive side.\nP.S. They don't deliver but do pickups and they said they just re-did their pizza menu"]
["Posto is phenomenal.\n\nAs other reviewers note, the two standout menu categories are pizza and pasta. My favorite pasta is the bolognese, which is so delicious that I usually eat past satiety. My favorite pizza? Perhaps the Canales, which manages to seem almost light with its toppings of prosciutto and arugula. You also must order a starter of the fresh rosemary flatbread, which arrives steaming hot and accompanied by the most delicious chili oil.\n\nBy this point Posto's gin gin mule is legendary (at least on Yelp), and it is indeed my favorite specimen of that cocktail. But do not underestimate the well-edited wine and beer lists if you're looking for an adult beverage.\n\nThe proverbial cherry atop the Posto sundae is the great service. Whether at the bar or in the dining room, the staff are knowledgeable and responsive. I was recently thrilled to be squeezed in for a last-minute reservation on a Friday night, but I've also never resented having to wait with a gin gin mule at the bar either."]
["We come here all the time and it is possibliy the best restaurant in Davis Sq. \n\nI order the chicken and it is my favorite traditional comfort food. The staff are always friendly and the atmosphere is much more low key and casual than the crowded places closer to the square.\n\nIts a great place to go on a week night to grab a bite to eat. It is a little pricey I will admit but I'll pay for the good food and the sanity pleasing atmosphere."]
['I\'m so glad I just reacquainted myself with Posto after a couple of visits a couple of years ago.  On the southeast edge of Davis Sq. in Somerville it\'s an easy walk from the T-Station -- perfect for me since I commute on the Red Line these days.\n\nEating at the bar -- my preference -- here is easy... The countertop is spacious, the seating arrangement is NOT cramped the way it is at so many places,  and the bar staff is friendly and helpful.\n\nWhen I think of Posto, I think of their wood fire oven, eclectic, gourmet, thin crust "pizze" -- which I always enjoy, white or red.  Last night I had the "Calabrese" (pepperoni, mozzarella, basil &amp; parmesan; I added roasted hot peppers) and  an arugula endive "insalte" (gorgonzola, picante, honey &amp; thyme vinaigrette).  My mouth is watering as I write this.\n\nThe wine selection is italian, so if you\'re like me (I don\'t know my italian wines) be sure to ask the barkeep for recommendations.  They know the wines well, will ask you what  you normally drink / like, and will make recommendations based on that.  Of course you can sample first.\n\nI\'ve only diverged from the Pizze menu once -- only bc I like their pizza so much -- and that experience (prosciutto wrapped Cod with tuscan white beans and olive oil poached tomatoes) was also excellent.  I\'m going to do my best to try the other awesome looking entrees one day, meanwhile there\'s a lot more pizza to try ;-)\n\nMy only complaint about Posto is its open floor plan...  There\'s nothing to breakup the noise.  So, on a busy Thus. or Fri. night it can get a little loud.  Not horrible -- they don\'t attract a rowdy crowd -- but not the best place for a quiet convo. with your date (unless you come early or late).  Speaking of dates...  Posto is casual.  That\'s not a bad thing!  But if you\'re looking for white linen tablecloths and candle light to go with your great meal, this isn\'t the place.\n\n4.5 stars in my book.']
["Posto makes me sad that I'm no longer living in Somerville. When I was a student in the area, I use to come here all the time on dates. It's ideally suited for a date night because the food is excellent and the ambiance is classy, but the prices, while certainly not cheap, are fairly moderate. Also has the benefit of generally having good wine selections, although heavily biased towards Italian wines, which is logical given the restaurant is Italian. In particular, I've always really enjoyed the bruschetta here and the tagliatelle.\n\nAll in all, this is probably the classiest restaurants in the Davis Square area (noticeably less hipster than its competitors as well), and combined with the delicious fare and reasonable prices, Posto definitely scores five stars in my book."]
['Last Friday, after following Posto on instagram for a while, I was finally able to try their pizza out. When my friend &amp; I arrived around 6:30, having made last minute plans to grab dinner, we were a little shocked to hear that there wasn\'t a table available until 9. Not having bothered to make reservations, we grabbed some seats in the "lounge" area, a shared table up front near the bar. It wasn\'t ideal seating, but perfectly fine for a casual dinner. The interior of this place is super cute and would be great for a date. The lights were dim and there were lots of candles and a touch of fall themed decor... definitely a romantic vibe. I\'m pretty averse to "fancy" pizzas but these actually all tasted great and I plan on going back with my boyfriend for a date so that he can taste it all fresh.\n\nReview: We ended up able to try a few different things on the menu, ensuring that we had plenty of leftovers. The meatballs were great- pork, veal, and beef, with some mozzerella melted on top along with pomodoro sauce. There were some big chunks of onions in the sauce that I didn\'t love, but the meatballs themselves were great. We also tried their bread, which is the same as what they use for the pizza crust. It was fluffy and you could really taste the sea salt and rosemary. I ended up reheating the rest of mine later that night at home, where unfortunately it became a little crumbly. Maybe because I used a toaster oven and not a wood fired oven?\n\nWe tried 3 different pizzas- half Margherita &amp; half Meatball for one pizza, and had a full "Calabrese" aka pepperoni pizza. My first impression overall was that the sauce was sooooo good. They definitely use quality tomatoes. The sauce was sweet and warm and mmm it might be the part that I crave most after everything. They use fresh mozzarella and throw on little chunks of it. Normally this is annoying to me because I want as much cheese coverage as possible, but again, the sauce was so good I didn\'t care at all. The crust is also great, mostly thin but with thick &amp; chewy edges, Neapolitan style. It does get a little floppy towards the middle so be careful that you don\'t lose any toppings. One pizza is definitely enough for two people to share, but not big enough to have leftovers.\n\nThe Meatball pizza had the same meatballs as the app, along with oregano &amp; big chunks of garlic. This pizza was good, but overall, my least favorite out of the three.  I\'m not a big meatball/sausage pizza fan anyway so that\'s probably why- I\'d rather just eat the meatballs on their own. The Margherita was pretty standard but tasted good thanks to the quality ingredients- you can\'t go wrong with mozzerella, their amazing sauce, and yummy basil. Taste-wise, it reminded me a lot of Di Fara\'s. The Calabrese / pepperoni pizza was my favorite because duh, it was basically the Margherita plus pepperoni and some parmesan. The pepperoni are actually probably my least favorite type- they\'re big and thin sandwich-style slices, but the taste was great. They had a nice spice to them and actually weren\'t too greasy. I didn\'t even think of adding any crushed red pepper or anything, these pizzas were ready to be devoured as is.\n\nPizza Score: 8.25 / 10\nwww.pizzablonde.com']
["Food was very good, service was good, it's a bit loud in there. The main reason I'm writing this is to say that pretty much all of the busboys are HOT AS HELL. Really improved my dining experience."]
['We\'ve been going to Posto for dinner and drinks for a few years now. Every single time we visit, the food is as fantastic as the service. We\'ve been talking with friends for years about doing their wood-roasted pig dinner. So, when we were looking for a place to host our wedding reception, Posto was the first place that came to mind. \n\nWe met with Cody, the manager, once to iron out all the details before our event.  Every single request we had was met with, "Sure, we can do whatever you want." I\'ve never dealt with a more accommodating business. He helped us pick hors d\'oeuvres, suggested and poured various wines for us to try, and shared his extensive knowledge of each. We had one gluten-free guest and he said she could order something off the regular menu if the pig wasn\'t right. Cody even offered to order flowers for our tables. He was willing to handle any detail of our event. He spent quite a bit of time meeting with us, despite it being a busy night in the restaurant. I think in a previous life, he must have been a juggler, because he can pretty much be doing 12 things at once and still make you feel like you\'re the only person in the room.\n\nWe chose to have a private dinner, so we had the small room, off to one side of the main dining room, to ourselves. We had 19 guests, none of whom knew that we were getting married at a public park just before our dinner! Our guests arrived at 5pm and were served cocktails from the full bar, and passed hors d\'oeuvres. We arrived about 5:20 and, as planned, the host went into the room, and announced to our guests, "Please welcome the new Mr &amp; Mrs Taylor!" It was a great entrance, and everyone was floored, then they exploded into congratulations and hugs. Immediately, my husband and I were served a glass of champagne and the festivities began.\n\nWe spent over an hour having passed hors d\'oeuvres and cocktails. We were NEVER rushed to move to the next phase of the meal at any time during the evening. In addition, I don\'t think my glass reached the half empty mark all night, and many of the guests made comments to the same effect. The servers were beyond attentive. Several of our guests had never been to Posto, but many said that they were definitely coming back for a future dinner.\n\nAnd now to describe the food. Everything was absolutely incredible. We had two roast pigs with all the accompaniments: bread and olives to start, various salads, and roast vegetables, all included with the pig. The bread was the most amazing bread I\'ve ever tasted. I wanted to just eat that all night. It was chewy and a little salty and obviously baked in their wood-fired oven.  Yum!! Our gluten-free guest ordered a gluten-free pasta and was raving about it. \n\nWe had selected a white and a red wine to be served with dinner. The white was Ottella Trebbiano, and the red was Foradori Teroldego. Both were amazing. \n\nAt one point, Cody and a server came into the room to present the pigs. They were both face to face on a large wood plank. We were encouraged to get up and take photos while they held them there for us. Then, they were taken away to be carved. The pigs were filled with bread stuffing and raisins, cranberries, and other veggies. It. Was. Amazing!! My taste buds did individual Snoopy dances from the first bite.\n\nWe had supplied cupcakes from our favorite bakery and the Posto team brought trays around to all the ladies first, and then served the men. The coffee was great.\n\nAt the end of the night, all the leftovers were packaged up in several take out containers. Our guests didn\'t realize that they were supposed to take them home, so we ended up with all of them. We\'ve never enjoyed leftovers so much!!\n\nI could never thank Cody and the Posto team (including Fiona and Melissa) for making our event the most amazing dining experience I\'ve ever had. From the hosts to the chefs to the servers, to Cody, we really started our marriage off with a bang and will be sure to spend many anniversaries with you!!  \n\nTHANK YOU!!!  Rosemary and Charlie Taylor,   4-12-14']
['Sometimes a pizza gets you so excited, you\'ve just gotta run home and type like your hands are on fire and the keyboard\'s made of ice.\n\nThat is the worst intro I\'ve ever written. Moving on.\n\nPosto has the street presence, the somewhat effortless ability to capture rustic Italia in a dark wood/industrial kitchen setting, and the appropriately high end menu to keep itself upright in what might be the most cursed commercial address in Davis Square.\n\nI ordered the Tuscano ($16) - a wood fired personal pizza slathered in San Marzano tomatoes, sopressata, sausage, red peppers, fior di latte (or house made mozzarella to y\'all English-only \'Murricans), oregano and roasted garlic. The baked bubbles in parts of the perfectly-round-in-an-abnormal way edges were charred black, which I dig like a ditch. The 800 searing degrees crisped the sopressata and drew out the aromatic creaminess of the roasted garlic. The latter, by the way, is plentiful enough to put a few cloves aside for subsequent crust munching.\n\nWith ingredients like that, even an amateur could put out tremendous product. These folks, though; they\'re no amateurs. Every pie at the table came out proper, leading to organized slice exchanges for the grass-is-always-greener peeps.\n\nWashed everything down with a frosty shandy (lager+lemonade) or three, and had a nibble of my neighbor\'s pizzette -- a sweet, somewhat overloaded baked dough topped with basil, nutella, strawberries and supposedly mascarpone, although I couldn\'t find it.\n\nMinor nitpicks: the pizzas are quartered, which means (inevitably) folded or butter knife split slices to the patron. Go eighths. Also, the smokey chili oil was entirely too smokey, hitting the tongue like slick, bitter ash. More heat, less burn. Finally, bring back the limoncello, so I can drink it after this toast:\n\n"To many happy returns!"']
['Very good Pasta and Pizza. The sauce for gnocchi is a little bit salty.']
["I love Il Posto. We've been there several times and plan to keep going back for more.  Great pizzas, the tagliatelle was super fresh and the sauce was awesome, the meatballs are delicious, A+ on the drinks, and even the desserts are good!!  Literally everything I've had here is good.  The servers here are friendly and cheerful and helpful with the menu, definitely not common in Boston where the service crew is largely rude and not trained properly.  To be fair, we did have a couple hiccups as one waitress tried to pour wine from a new bottle into a glass with wine from the first bottle before letting us taste it.  Another time our waitress was a little over attentive and left us feeling rushed to eat and pay up.  But overall, you will not be disappointed with Il Posto, whether you're out for a date night, with a group of friends, or have out of town visitors.  Thumbs up."]
['Third time still makes it a charm. One of our hi-to places for fantastic food with a great contemporary setting and neighborhood feel. Finally had their specialty wood-fired pizza and very pleased. Great creative selection. Loved the Peeper beer. Calamari good but not exceptional. Highly recommended as well as a stroll around Davis Square to end a nice evening.']
["I don't really remember the deets.  Just that we loved it.  \n\nWe stumbled in all giddy after getting engaged. (She said yes!)  It was colder than the grave that night so we just dropped in.  No wait, right to a pleasantly candle-lit table.  \n\nWe told our waiter that we had just gotten engaged and they just started pouring goodness on us:  heart-shaped bread from the pizza oven good enough to make her abandon her paleo prohibitions; dessert; and, best, a card signed by the entire staff.\n\nThey didn't have to do that!  We were already happy as can be.  Now it will always be our place.  \n\nSo don't go.  I don't want to wait behind you for a table."]
['Went here for a relaxing summer meal and was not disappointed.  Was expecting a long wait, but lucked out and had a table outside immediately.  Large selection of craft beer from New England and my Tagliatelle with veal/pork meat sauce was excellent in both taste and was one of only a handful of $20 pasta plates that backed it up in taste and quantity!']
['I\'m fresh off a dinner at Posto. The man and I always walk by on strolls through Davis and say "That place is too classy for us!" but today he won $100 on a scratch ticket and was feeling saucy. Lo and behold its actually pretty casual but it feels very open, has lovely lighting and decor and the servers look very upscale and fit the scene.\n\nWe made reservations for 7:30 and were seated promptly upon arrival at a very nice table and given breadsticks. We ordered a bottle of the 2012 Arianna Occhipinti, "Tami," Sicily, IT (Frappato) ($42) which was pretttty much amazing (Is this why people ever buy wine that costs more than 11 bucks?) We didn\'t finish it, but they corked the bottle for us to take home, yay! Our server told us about the vineyard the wine came from- A woman who purchased a vineyard that had been handed down a line of men who pretty much ran things the same way since the dawn of time and then this broad came in and shook things up; I like it!\n\nI ordered the Brodo (mixed seafood in a broth with potatoes and tomatoes and a couple pieces of bread) which was $24- the most expensive thing on the menu. My grandfather is from the Azores, so I think I have a love for fish running in my blood, so I got the most expensive dish, but its cool that the most expensive thing on the menu was only $24. (It was awesome, of course). The man got a pizza and thoroughly enjoyed it. I had a couple bites, it was good. I think he got pepperoni, or something pretty standard as far as topping go. Maybe some spinach too? I don\'t know, he\'s asleep now, so I\'ll have to leave you in the dark on that one.\n\nAt the end I got the Tiramisu which was *gigantic*. It wasn\'t the old "Pay 7 bucks, get a thin sliver of cake with caramel (or whatever) drizzled in a geometric pattern and some powdered sugar sneezed over a 12"x12" square plate" it was BOOM, I HEARD YOU ORDERED THE TIRAMISU; I PRESENT YOU WITH THIS ENTICING LIGHT FLUFFY GOLD BRICK OF DELICIOUSNESS. That is to say, you are not getting gypped on the tiramisu. \n\nWe left Posto very happy campers. Would definitely recommend this place for casual dinner or for a nice date. Oh also! A random guy came in as we were leaving and it turned out he was wasted cause he tipped over a bar chair and fell on the floor. Dinner *and* a show! Perfect timing hahaha']
["This place is great!!!!!! It was full when we walked in, so we took a seat at the bar, had a yummy beer and were seated quickly. The atmosphere is awesome, mixed age crowd, lovely exposed brick, the wine library wall is a really great centerpiece as well as the open kitchen. Just really awesome.\n\nOur server was attentive, helpful, and overall just really pleasant. The food is out of this world, I ordered the gnocchi with short ribs. So great. I've also had one of the pizzas, delicious as well.\n\nPricey, but in the lets-go-eat-somewhere-a-little-nicer-tonight kind of way, totally reasonable and for how great the food is, too.\n\nAlso went here for Valentine's Day and was very happy with service, meal, and speed at which they get everything done. Just a fantastic restaurant."]
['My husband and I went to Posto on a Friday evening in January. The atmosphere inside was cozy, and the place was full of people who looked happy to be there. \n\nThe staff was friendly and attentive, no long waits for food or drinks or anything. We first ordered the warm olive appetizer (oliva), which was tasty, but next time I\'d go for something different. I recommend the olives if you have more than two people in your party - it was just too many olives for the two of us. Next we shared the beet salad, which was great in the way that beet salads are great. I liked the presentation of this one, they don\'t bother with greens - just beets, goat cheese, olive oil croutons and vincotto. Finally we shared the porchetta pizza. I don\'t eat meat, and I asked our waitress Olivia if the kitchen could modify the pizza so that pork was only on half of it. She said it was no problem, and in fact the pizza came out looking delicious (and with no meat on my half). It tasted great, too. \n\nAnd then, the excitement happened. Somehow another diner accidentally spilled his rather full glass of (cold!) white wine down my back, and my shirt and some of my hair got all wet. Several staff members including the manager came over to help me and to apologize, and they were all very nice but I was thinking, "Well, what can you do? I can\'t exactly take my shirt off here, so hopefully it will dry soon." They gave me lots of cloth napkins, the manager offered to pay for any dry cleaning bill I might incur. I told him that it was no problem, and didn\'t think it would be necessary, but I thought it was nice of him to offer. Things quieted down, the other diner even came over to apologize. It was just an accident, no big deal. Then I went to the restroom to see if they had a hand dryer that might be useful (they don\'t, though as a side note the restrooms are quite nice). While I was gone, the manager approached my husband and explained that they were very sorry about the wine incident, they were comping our entire meal. Then when I got back to the table he brought us three desserts in a to-go bag. This was so lovely and unexpected. \n\nAs we were leaving, we realized we didn\'t have any cash because we had intended to pay with credit card, but we wanted to leave our waitress a tip. We explained to the hostess that we\'d be back soon with a tip for Olivia, but as soon as we went out the door the manager found us and said he could run our credit card for one cent, and we could add a tip to that so we didn\'t have to take the time to get cash and come back to the restaurant. He also said that he had planned to take care of our waitress, so she wouldn\'t have missed out on a tip. We did not mind giving her a tip ourselves, but I was happy to hear that at least at this restaurant (and maybe others?), if your meal is comped then your waitress will still get a tip.\n\nAnyway, the manager really went out of his way to make sure we had a good night. I would have returned to Posto anyway just because the food is so good, but knowing that they have such great customer service makes it an even better place. \n\nTwo last notes:\n1. The tiramisu is delicious (we tried it at home after I got into some non-wine-soaked clothes), and we\'re saving the cannoli and other cake to share with our kids, but they look great.\n2. Reservations are a good idea. This place is popular and crowded.']
["Good pizza that is authentic but high in price, so I had to take off star.. this is pizza we are talking about. My family is from Naples and pizzas are $4 same size.. but aside from that this place is great, clean and most authentic pizza yet I've had in Boston area. Try them!"]
['Went on a date here recently, it was good.  I had the scallops which were the special.  They were big and cooked well.  She said her gnocchi was good too.  I remember there being EDM playing which seemed kind of strange, since it is an Italian styled place.  I would go back again.']
['The pizzas here are on point. Pretty packed on weekends, so make sure to call ahead of time. Great place for tufts students to bring parents or family.']
["This review only concerns the bolognese.\n\nI should have ordered the pizza, but my last few meals were pizza. This led me to the unfortunate decision of the bolognese. It was pretty subpar. The tagliatelle was too thick. The sauce was unremarkable and the flavor could best be described as blah. Don't make the same mistake. I'm going to go back to try the pizza because it looked delicious."]
['Great gnocchi. Deliciousss! Definitely will order again.']
["We go to Posto every few months.  Pasta is 5 stars and the Pizza is 3 stars.  I can't figure it out but this place touts their pizza yet everyone we have ever gotten was soggy in the middle and burnt around the edges.  Yet, the pasta is divine and you can order a half serving which is just the right amount.  Their gnocchi is especially delish. \n\nOne of these days I want to get a group to do the Pig Roast!  Will report back if we do."]
["This is probably the best place in Davis Square to get a nice meal.  The food is delicious--especially the pizza!  Fresh ingredients, very flavorful and cooked just the right amount (I'm drooling at the memory.)  I've been here several times now, and every time it's been really wonderful.  It's got a great atmosphere and manages to feel elegant and laid back at the same time.  Personally, I like that it tends to be a little bit dimly lit, loud and bustling.  \n\nIt can get busy here, but in the past I've called ahead for a table and that has helped cut down on the wait time.  Service has always been good.  I've never sat at the bar, but based on other users' comments it sounds like that's a great alternative to getting a table.  I only wish it was slightly less expensive--if so I would be there constantly.  As such, it's become a go-to place for special occasions.  Highly recommended!"]
['This establishment is fairly close to my new apartment and my roommate and I decided to give it a try after hearing about it and seeing it repeatedly popup on the Yelp iPhone app as a nearby establishment with decent ratings.\n\nWe proceeded to drive there, walked in and were told to wait from 30 to 45 minutes for the next available table. It was drizzling outside which discouraged us from attempting to eat somewhere else so we figured what the hell and decided to wait. We stood near the awkwardly placed bar and no matter where we tried to stand, we were always in the way. It was kind of frustrating and prevented us from ordering drinks. \n\nAbout 25 minutes later, as we finally found seats at the bar and were about to order drinks, we were told that a table was ready for us and we were escorted there. And then... nothing... 5 minutes go by... 10 minutes. A waiter then noticed we didn\'t have any menus nor an assigned waiter. Great, they totally forgot about us. Sure the place was busy, but they don\'t have THAT many tables. They didn\'t really apologize for it, and proceeded as if nothing happened; kind of insulting.\n\nAt least the food was good. I ordered the crisp lemon &amp; mozzarella "arancini"  (served with pomodoro &amp; mint) as a started and the "Prosciutto Cotto" pizza which has gorgonzola arugula and port sciroppo. Both were excellent but the prosciutto was very salty. The drink I had was good as well. The service was really inconsistent all night though which kind of ruined our experience there. The restaurant is very tastefully decorated and features a beautiful open kitchen that also has a wood oven right in it.\n\nAnother side note as well is that it was really noisy; the background music was on a tad too loud which forced people to speak up over it creating for a not-so-quiet atmosphere; a real shame. But overall it\'s a great establishment, a very nice menu and the prices are decent. Hopefully, they won\'t forget about me next time and it will be a tad quieter. Fingers crossed!']
['Food is amazingly good.  We had appetizers and pizza.  Ate outside on a hot summer day with our dog.  A must try if you are looking for a place to eat in Somerville, MA.  Fresh N delicious.   We did not have time for coffee or desert so cannot comment on that.']
["This review is about the FOOD because that's why we're all here right? Haters wanna hate on the service, I get it. But Posto is brand spankin' new so let's just leave that out of the review.\n\nThe margherita pizza was the best I've had in Boston. Hands down. \n\nLet's review:\nThe crust - perfectly crispy (it should be, their oven reaches 750 degrees!), nice char, and flavorful! How often do you have a flavorful crust?\nCheese - Creamy, rich, salt mozzarella. Perfection.\nSauce - sweet, savory, not overpowering but perfectly proportioned to the crust/cheese\nExtras - Basil was fresh and the chili oil was the most perfect addition to the margherita\n\nAdditionally the pork arancini was crunchy and yummy and the fried calamari was also really tasty.\n\nThe service will get there. The wait times will abate. All the while, the food will remain delicious. So just go."]
["Been wanting to try this place for a while, as I'm a fan of their other restaurant. \n\nPopped in before catching one of the IFF Boston films last week, and ate at the bar. Got the sea salt rosemary bread (chili infused oil gives extra points), olives (warm!!!! extra points!), beet salad, and a margarita pizza. Loved everything. \n\nA great addition to the Davis and Porter area - even if I'm wayyy behind in checking it out."]
['First off, the food is really a 5.  The pizza is traditional Neapolitan crust--fluffy and beautifully crisped in their wood fire oven, with traditional and creative toppings.  Some of the best in Boston.\n\nService was less impressive.  I asked for a refill of a drink that never came.  Much worse, the bartender initially charged us for a tab that ran $140 more than ours, which I fortunately caught before leaving.  The club music and sports TVs seemed to clash with the dimly lit, handsome dining room.\n\nThat being said, the food will certainly bring me back.']
["POSTO never disappoints! Fresh ingredients, homemade pasta, friendly &amp; knowledgeable staff. We drive here from Framingham at least twice a month - always worth the trip! Don't miss the spaghetti carbonara - perfection! Pizzas are cooked in the first imported Italian pizza oven in Boston area - we have tried nearly every one! From the best pepperoni you've ever tasted, to their own fabulous combos, these pizzas are not to be missed!"]
["Still enjoy Posto, still a delicious pizza. They don't seem to be hurting for customers either. I wish they would train the staff on how to pronounce their menu. For the love of god, CH in Italian is like a K (always, no exception) so it's: brus-ketta and por-ketta. I'd be happy to offer free Italian lessons to the staff :-)"]
["We were expecting a pizza place and weren't expecting much when we decided not to order pizza. We had an arugula salad, octopus salad, crab tortellini and the salmon. All of the dishes were excellent. The service was friendly, the atmosphere was casual and relaxed and the selections of wines by the glass were nice. Very reasonably priced for the quality."]
['Always the best pizza, apps, and drinks around! The only downside is that the rest of Somerville knows it too!']
["I barely remember my meal at Posto. That is not a good sign. Granted, I was on a first date with a remarkably attractive human being and was therefore somewhat less focused on food than usual, but I don't think it's unfair to say that the food at Posto is a little underwhelming. \n\nWe started with the polenta fries. They were... fine. A bit bland, but otherwise inoffensive. For our main, we opted for the frutta pizza -- a white pizza with apples, gorgonzola crema, caramelized onions, and bacon. It was a nice, super subtle pizza with well-balanced flavors. Overpriced at $18, but tasty.\n\nThe ambiance is fabulous. It's sexy, but still casual and well-lit enough to feel warm and inviting. Perfect date vibe. The wine selection is nice and round, with a staff on hand that seems knowledgeable enough to really help you make those baller decisions. However, I should note that I found our server to be a little bit on the push/intrusive side, especially since it was clear that a date was in progress. She wasn't bad, just a little more solicitous than I generally like. \n\nOverall, Posto didn't make that big of an impression on me. It was just aight, you know? I think I'll probably just stick with Flatbread Company for my next pizz-adventure."]
["Wow, this place is amazing! Started with the 'pane' which was great. My GF got the bolognese which was in the top 3 I've ever had and the meatball pizza was fantastic. Really friendly staff (hosts) and decent prices. Cheers Posto, you're going into my rotation."]
["First experience was good in August. Returned back for second experience.  The quality of the food dropped dramatically.  The pizza was burned and tasted of burned pizza or nasty charcoal flavor. Arachini, calamari, and meatballs were ok. Tortellini was partially not cooked.  It had this hard white chalky texture because it wasn't cooked all the way.  It was a disappointing second experience."]
['1st time eating here; party of 4 and we thoroughly enjoyed. None were in pizza mood, so we had 3 pasta dishes and the half chicken. All entrees were fresh and tasty, ample sized. Pricing on salads is high on the surface, but they are big enough to split...which we did. \n\nOnly miss for one of us was the octopus app.....far too chewy for consumption. Our friend sent it back and they removed from bill. Server Jonathan was excellent.']
["Pesto offers great Italian food. If you live in Cambridge or Somerville and don't want to make the trip to Boston, but want really good Italian, Posto would be my go-to place in the area. It's a little loud &amp; busy, so if you're looking for a quiet place, this may not be good. The restaurant has a really cool interior design and feels fancy, so it is a good place to go on a date. \n\nFood: Seafood tortellini is FANTASTIC\nDrink: A lot of yummy fruity (girly) drinks to choose from.\nPrice: Dinner price range is 15-20 per person."]
['This happened a little while back but only just now posting about it. I had a nice meal with my gf here, food and ambiance was nice, etc. However it was with the payment that things turned sour. \n\nI had left a cash tip as I sometimes do (whenever I have spare cash in small denominations). I always thought that it was better for waiters to receive cash tip. So I had just signed my check and did not write any tip to my card. Lo and behold, as I was reviewing my receipts and expenses, I noticed that Posto had added a generous tip on the card in addition to the charge. What fucked up shit is that?\n\nThis would be considered theft in almost any other situation. Maybe this is how Posto makes additional money. Quite fucked up if you ask me.\n\nShould I ever return, I will pay full in cash.']
["I love this place. Love. I live in Davis, so it's convenient, but I'd drive at least an hour to eat here. outside dining is nice, and in early fall when it starts to get chilly, they offer blankets to guests. I've never had a bad meal here. My boyfriend and I go here for all of our special occasions."]
["Went for dinner at this place during the week. Can honestly say that I didn't anticipate it to be so good. We had the Burrata for an appetizer and it was absolutely fantastic, followed by Octopus salad, which was light and refreshing but also very filling. The wine selection and he staff were fantastic as well. I have to admit it was on the more expensive side, especially for Davis, but I will be coming back! Would love to try other items on the menu."]
['I had my French friend who grew up in Italy visited me over the Memorial day weekend.  Her digestion had issues and she wanted "simple food" but I was too tired to drive to a decent sushi in Arlington (and it was Monday and closed).  I knew she never eats Italian outside of Italy but I risked to take her to Posto saying, my friend from Lincoln, UK likes it (well, my friend also lived in Lincoln UK, so she believed anything people in Lincoln recommends).  \n\nTo be honest, I was nervous.  I visited her in Italy, and I know how good food is there and I heard a mixed review from my American friends.  Only friends recommended me here were Europeans. \n\nThe results: my friend approved this was an authentic pizza and she loved it even with her digestion issues!  I liked their food too, antipasti was grilled octopus with beans, very very tasty.  Their crossini was not fresh - that was the only bad part. But pizza was as it is in Italy. \n\nGreat food!']
['Went to Posto this past Saturday for our first time.\nGreat atmosphere. Had a couple of cocktails - they were yummy - had the Aperol Spritzer.\n\nWe asked for a quieter table and got one - in the "private" room.\nStarted with the beef carpaccio - good, the salad with the bacon - just okay and the caveletti pasta - GREAT!!\n\nThe service was good and friendly and accommodating.\nDefinitely coming back.']
["I know you don't know me and I'm supposed to outline the pros and cons of eating here. I could do that and this review would just become a long laundry list of my favorite things about this place. \n\nWhat is most important for you to know is that I really don't enjoy eating out Italian. Growing up Italian, you think your family can do it better than your friends parents, your neighbors, anyone out there.  I think most Italian restaurants serve out whopping portions of overly oiled, raw garlic saturated dishes, and overcooked pasta. \n\nWhile I feel this way about most Italian restaurants, I crave Posto... believe me when I tell you the meals are to be savored.  The staff know what they are serving you (and can explain it to you).  The food is fresh and consistent.  The menu (food and drink) is authentic; thoughtfully prepared and seasonal.  \n\nThe main entrees and appetizers are even better than the pizza and I think the pizza is the best little doughy-treat you can find in Somerville.  However, it's not the pizza in my opinion that makes this place special or 5-stars on its own.  Try something else (!!)  like the octopus salad and homemade ricotta melt-in-your-mouth gnocchi instead."]
['I should start this review by saying I have worked in restaurants for over 7 years. I am very critical and hard to please when it comes to dining out. So when I say Posto exceeded my expectations understand they will probably blow you away. I arrived fifteen minutes late for my reservation, no problem. The host welcomed us with a smile and brought us to our table. There is something incredibly cozy about a restaurant with an open kitchen however, Posto does this better than most. You are able to watch while the skilled chefs create and make your pizza in their gorgeous brick oven. My friend and I had not seen each other in over a year, the poor waitress had to come back five times before we even ordered drinks. She was lovely, respectful, and extremely patient. I wish I remembered her name, she gave exceptional service. The wine selection was impeccable, but I decided to have a sangria. I informed the waitress I do not like when sangria is overly sweet, she said she would have the bartender modify the drink for me. The sangria was excellent. It was a fall sangria with the perfect blend of fall flavors.  We had the Burrata for an appetizer. The roasted pears complimented the prosciutto and we happily ate every single bite. I had the hanger steak. The green beans were crisp, the garlic mashed potatoes were seasoned with the perfect amount of garlic. The STEAK, wow, for an Italian pizza joint this place delivered an incredible piece of steak cooked beyond my expectation. I asked for medium which can sometimes result in the steak being dry and flavorless. This was not the case here, the steak was tender and delicious. My friend had the gnocchi. I hate gnocchi, but she made me try it anyway. It was incredible. I have to say I still hate gnocchi, except at Posto.\n\nI am confident I could have ordered anything off the menu and it would have been spectacular.\n\nAgain about my server. It was busy. We were likely a very needy table. She gave no indication she was annoyed with us, which if I was in her position I likely would have been. \n\nWhen is Davis Square, Posto is a must!']
["Posto does some of the best italian appetizers Ive had since living in NYC.. It also boasts one of the best bartenders I've met in Boston! Sit at the bar with Ian !!!"]
['Been to Posto twice, once on a weeknight date and once with family members on a Sunday afternoon. In both instances the staff was very friendly and cordial and the food was spectacular! \n\nOn the weeknight, seemed like everyone was there on a date. Crowd was more dressed up. Sat in the back room which provided some privacy. \n\nOn the Sunday afternoon there was a more laid-back vibe. Staff was more outgoing and interactive than the weeknight date night. \n\nDo yourself a favor and order the meatballs as an appetizer!']
['I looked up what "posto" means in Italian.\n\nI was thinking it might be: decadent, tasty treat, or effing awesome because that\'s what Posto in Davis Square is. \n\n Posto means "place". Wow. I suggest "così delizioso" or "la bomba"\n\nLuckily, that\'s the name translated is the only boring thing about Posto. We got the lemon arancini (fried risotto balls) for $10 as an appetizer. The pop of lemon really made it. I got the carbonara that has pork belly instead of bacon and brussels sprouts instead of peas. insanely rich but also, of course, così delizioso- half order for $11. My dinner mate got potato gnocchi with short rib I may have loved hers more than mine, no big deal. The gnocchi were so fluffy and light. \n\nMy gin gin mule ($10) was almost too minty. I couldn\'t taste the ginger beer. but, maybe that\'s just me being a gin gin mule amateur.\n\nThe service was la bomba. Our waitress was so fun, pleasant and knowledgeable. \n\nAll and all, extremely enjoyable experience. Way to rock it, Posto. Extra points for having the food network on your tvs.\n\n\nTIP: if you aren\'t about-to-eat-your-face-off-hungry, get a half serving of pasta']
['The restaurant was really nice. Nice atmosphere, very nice and professional wait staff and no wait (for outside but is was more pleasant out there being such great weather). \nThe food was excellent! I had the gnocchi and braised beef short ribs which was such a great combo. My mom (Mother\'s Day dinner!) had the vegetable lasagna that was also quite good BUT she found a small piece of WOOD in it?!?! We alerted the staff immediately and they tried to be accommodating. They got us a new dish relatively quickly and the manager did come out to check up on us which I appreciated. \nThe part that gave them only three stars and maybe I\'m just old school was that usually with an incident like that, part of the meal is taken care of. Like the entree that was tainted or at least a free dessert. We didn\'t complain about the WOOD IN OUR FOOD really at all but good business usually involves compensation and being that we didn\'t complain is why we didn\'t get anything free I suppose. People who make a big fuss and "demand to speak to the manager!" get the free food and that\'s lame.']
['We tried Fruit pizza(apple and caramelized onion, arugula) and the other one with pine nuts and ricotta, golden raisins. They were pretty good. About $18 each. Pricy.. But Even Pizza dough by itself was good. And caramel apple dessert was very tasty also. I would like to come again to try more dishes.']
["I went to Posto the first time about 2 weeks ago on a date.  I was actually pretty surprised how nice the restaurant was inside and the quality of drinks/food.  There has been a high turnover of restaurants in that location, so I hope that Posto sticks around for awhile!  \n\nMy date and I shared the eggplant pizza, which was crispy and really delicious.  We also had a couple drinks each (which were great), but the menu online doesn't list the current cocktails that were available at the bar.\n\nThe downside to the restaurant is that there are large screen TVs behind the bar, which I think make it feel a little less classy, but I suppose are nice if there's a game on.  Other than that, I would probably return to Posto, but it wouldn't be my #1 choice in comparison to other Davis Square establishments."]
['The ambiance was nice, but the food was really inconsistent.\n\nThe calamari was bland and uneventful, but the pear crostada dessert was downright lovely.  The cod with lobster risotto was nothing special, but the tortellini with butternut squash was to die for.  Overall, it just fell short.']
["Another successful dinner at Posto.  Great date night spot with excellent eats.  The pizza is simply delicious.  Great combo of thin crust, with still some good density.  Outstanding food and great service too.\n\nDefinitely recommended as a date spot, casual meet up or whatever really.  Keep it up Posto, I'll be back!"]
["Went here with two other friends for Easter Brunch and we were not disappointed. The interior was spacious and elegant but not too fancy.  The staff from the beginning were very welcoming and smiling. \n\nI got the wood roasted leg of lamb which was sided with potatoes, asparagus and topped with a mint gremolata. The gremolata was a different taste but a good different, I would highly recommend.  \n\nAlso a plus when they were able to make me a bloody mary when it wasn't on the menu :)!"]
['The pizza us great but the pasta and gnocchi was even better. The pasta was made fresh and cooked perfectly.']
['Went for my birthday dinner. Was excited, since all I hear are rave reviews. The food was good, but there was a couple that sat after us, got their food, and ate it before we even got ours served. I have spent a long part of my life working in food service, so I know how things can get messed up, and I\'m patient usually, but I was bummed that there was no acknowledgement of how long it took (like, 30 minutes) on an empty week night for us to get served. The server also seemed to have no interest in a "hey, happy birthday?!" or anything, whereas the married couple next to us with an anniversary got a royal treatment. Was bummed to have wasted a birthday dinner here.']
["Our family loves this place. Hip atmosphere, lots of windows, family friendly, and the food is fantastic. I travel to Italy frequently and this is the closest I have come to it in Boston. Cody, the manager, has gotten to know our family and goes out of their way when we show up.\n\nFirst and foremost a restaurant exists for its food. It's great unless of course you don't like Italian food. Second is service. Service at any restaurant can vary, but our experiences have been 5-star. Hence, the rating."]
["I love going to Posto. The atmosphere is nice (although loud...). \nThe food is always good. My favorite item is the Bruschetta with goat cheese.\nI had never had bruschetta with goat cheese before coming here but they have perfected it.\nIt is a bit pricey... $15 for maybe 4 pieces of bruschetta is a little steep. I also have enjoyed their pizza and pasta with veal, pork, etc. Each time I leave satisfied but don't go as often as I would because of the prices!"]
["The Posto mobile food truck catered our recent wedding. Working with Cody was easy and enjoyable. Even when the town of North Andover health department gave them a hard time, Cody and his team were flexible, and navigated everything without causing us stress. The food was as delicious as it is at the restaurant, and all of our guests enjoyed having fresh, hot, quality pizza, salad, and pasta. The waitstaff were kind and attentive. They chefs were very accommodating of our guests with food allergies and dietary concerns. I'd definitely recommend the Posto Mobile for events big or small (ours was about 105 people)."]
["There should be nothing more to say than, the Biff and I had a wonderful meal. \n\nBUT the Biff tells me I'm a chatterbox which means it's not in my nature to let you off easy. \n\nDRINKS: The limonata, Slumbrew Trippel, and the Lambretta.\n\nIf you don't like fruity drinks, don't get the limonata. Lessons learned the hard way.\n\nAPP: Rosemary Sea Salt Bread.\n\nUnique taste to it. Obviously made in the brick oven and quite delicious, especially with their chili oil. Who expects to enjoy burnt rosemary? Whatever. It worked really well.\n\nENTREES: Tortellini for me, Swordfish for the Biff.\n\nThe swordfish was not really that great to look at, but it was excellent to eat. The perfectly cooked swordfish steak came with grilled romaine garnished with bacon and lemon. \n\nThe tortellini beat all my expectations. I really love peas. It kills me that the Biff doesn't. Well despite the large amount of pea in the tortellini (yeah snicker all you want), between the pea brodo, pea shoots and peas themselves, Biff thoroughly enjoyed this dish as much as I. The tortellini were filled with Maine crab and garnished with paperthin slices of radish and a touch of cream. I wanted to lick the plate clean.\n\nDESSERT: Cannoli. \n\nSure, you could go to Lyndell's Bakery in Ball Square thinking you'll get a North End style pastry, but you'd be sorely mistaken. Go here instead for your cannoli fix. Posto's cannoli puts both Mike's and Modern to shame."]
['I had the Calabrese Pizza, which I really liked, and about Tiramisu I should say it was fantastic!!! I loved the ambient, decoration and lights. The waitress was very attentive and helpful.']
["I loved this restaurant. This is the type of place where I fully expect to frequent on a biweekly or at least monthly basis for years to come. \n\nI had the bolognese and the dude had the gnocchi with braised short ribs. Both were out of control delicious! I'm still thinking about that bolognese days later! We also had the frutta pizza, which was SO good! All made amazing leftovers. \n\nOne note- make reservations! This place is bumping and boasts huge waits if you don't make a reservation."]
["Had a lovely dinner with two other couples at Posto. The venue is beautiful and cozy, a bit rustic with large open fire ovens right near the dining area. A huge wall covered in wine racks with anything you could possibly need to pair with a great dinner.\n\nWe started with some arancini, breadsticks and rosemary salt bread while cracking open some riesling and beer. We quickly moved on to some wonderful pizzas: margherita, sausage, and eggplant. YUM!\n\nIt was a bit crowded and a little cramped for dinner, but all-in-all, a great meal with some great wait staff. I definitely look forward to another meal at Posto when I'm in Somerville again."]
["I don't know how, but there are two insanely good, wood-fired, Neapolitan-style pizzerias within ten minutes of each other. While the pizza here is not 'quite' as good as Gran Gusto, it is still some of the best in the Boston area. \n\nThe fried calamari is so tender and crunchy that it was unbelievable. I saw people eating the meatballs which looked great too. The pizzas came and it was then that I slipped into a pizza coma. We split a Meatballs Pizza, a Calabrese pizza, a Salumi pizza, and a Margherita pizza. Each of these pizzas blew the taste buds off of my tongue and the must all be tried. The char and smokiness of the crust was sublime.\n\nNote: this place may seem a little bit on the pretentious by saying 'fior di late' for 'cow's milk mozzarella' and by charging high prices, but it is worth it."]
["Came here with a group of 6 on a Friday night. Make sure to make a reservation if you're planning on going on a weekend, it always seems to be packed. We had a reservation for 6:30pm and were seated right away. We started with calamari, grilled octopus, and meatballs for appetizers. We enjoyed them all but nothing was particularly noteworthy. For the main course I had the swordfish and again, it was good, but nothing I feel that I'd have to return for. I also sampled a pizza and it was pretty good but I think completely overpriced. $18 for a personal pizza was nothing special on it, not worth it. We were also disappointed with their wine selection. They gave us a few small tastes so that we could pick a bottle and it took a few tries before finding something that was just ok. \n\nSo overall, the food was good but overpriced. You won't get a bad meal, but there's nothing to entice me to go out of my way to return here."]
["During my visit to Boston my boyfriend and I went to some amazing, unique, culinary masterpieces of eateries but POSTO is definitely up there with the best of them.  It's hard to beat amazingly fresh wood fired herb bread.  It was hot, doughy, and perfectly seasoned with a light sprinkling of rosemary... And that was just the bread to start us off!\n\nFor apps we ordered the burrata and arancini.  \n\nThe burrata was amazing.  It came with prosciutto and baked pear.  I've never had a sweetened burrata before but it was delightful.  We ate every last morsel.  \n\nThe arancini was bad.  The risotto was just overcooked.  They were just mushy cheese balls with very little cheese.  They also came with probably 1 tablespoon of red sauce.  Maybe it was a bad night for arancini... Either way everything else here is so good I wouldn't bother with this app.  Try something else.\n\nI ordered the parma pizza I believe.  It came with prosciutto and arugula and was quite tasty.  The crust was cooked perfectly and they didn't skimp on prosciutto at all.  It was the greatest pizza ever.  Seriously... YUM.\n\nMy boyfriend ordered a chicken entree and he was satisfied.  \n\nMy blood orange martini was good but the glass was only about half full when I got it :(. It wasn't quite as good as the $/oz ratio dictates it should have been. \n\nThe service was really good.  The place was absolutely packed but we were still well taken care of.  I would definitely come back here again.  It has a nice vibe that makes you happy as soon as you walk in the door."]
["Good but expensive. Beautiful date atmosphere. You can sit outside in the spring and summer, they provide blankets if it's a colder day.\n\nThey drop off these breadsticks in the middle of the table. The 2 year old I was with loved them, we had to ask for refills. They're not extremely flavorful or anything but they're still very good to have at the table as you come in.\n\nI love their upscale menu. I recently had a tortellini with a pea puree and it wad delicious. The tortellini was stuffed with maine crab, a little salty with a hint of sweet from the puree. The pizzas are about 4 pieces. The portion sizes aren't huge, they're upscale trendy portion sizes. And for nearly $20 per plate I just kind of want more. \n\nThe first time I came I had goat cheese stuffed ravioli which was amazing. The other special we had was an apple bruschetta. It's too bad they're specials for the night because I so want this meal again. The specials are definitely what I would come for. Would I come back? Most definitely, would I wish for a better portion size or less expensive food? Yeah, but it's pretty much worth it."]
["My date and I stopped here on the way to an art exhibit and were very pleased with dinner.   \n\nI did not get a good look at the wine list, but my date's two glasses were both delicious.  \n\nWe started with the olives and rosemary bread, I recommend you get a second bread for your dinner if you are not ordering pizza as the breadsticks on the table look a little sickly and bread is not served with entrees.  Also, the oil on the table is chili oil - delicious but very hot!\n\nWe had the short rib and the lamb ravioli for dinner, the short rib was 100 times better than the ravioli which was a little al dente.  I'm a good sport and gladly shared my generous portion of short rib with gnocci and Parmesan crema with my date.  The waiter had told us the short rib was a star, he was right.  \n\nUnfortunately, we did not have time for dessert, but I plan on making my man drive next time so we can sample more of the wines and the sweet stuff..."]
['If you are in the mood for authentic certified Neapolitan pizza this is the place to go. The atmosphere is perfect for a romantic night or a relaxing afternoon. In a great location with an amazing walk after dinner.']
["Nice ambience and good service, but the food was underwhelming at parts.\n\nWe ordered the Arancini appetizer, and realized quickly that they were frozen in the middle, which not only means they weren't freshly made, but weren't even thoroughly cooked. The manager was apologetic and took the app off our check, but not a great way to start the dinner.\n\nThe crab tortellini was amazing, and they have a chili olive oil that is out of this world. However, we found the pizza to be generally mediocre.\n\nIn the end the consensus was, good, but not good enough to drive all the way to Somerville."]
["This is the second time that I've eaten at Posto and both times I've been very happy with the food, service, and the ambiance. The menu seems to change depending on what is in season so the food is very fresh, the flavors are perfectly balanced, and the presentation is beautiful. This time we started with the polpo (greek octopus) and the rosemary sea salt bread. For our entrees had the maine crab and butternut tortellini and the mussels. Everything was delicious; no disappointment here! \n\nWhile the menu is a little pricey, Posto makes up for it with its impeccable service, friendly hostesses, and romantic yet welcoming atmosphere for all types of groups. I do have a tip: while the portions might be on the smaller side, especially for the pasta dishes, I would ask for extra plates and share dishes. It's a great way to try all sorts of things on the menu and you will walk out feeling very happy. I've gone here with friends and my husband and I will definitely be coming back!"]
["Consistent, comfortable, satisfying...\n\n* we were able to make a same-day 5:30 reservation on a recent Saturday night.  \n*  only one or two tables seated when we arrived - but by 6:15 was packed.\n* the staff was bustling to get ready for the evening - purposeful and professional. \n* apps:  calamari (could have been crisper), and meatballs (could have been hotter) - but flavors were very good.\n* salads:  enjoyed the arugula with Gorgonzola - was properly dressed.\n* pasta: rabbit tagliatelle with egg and beef shin agnolotti were both very good\n* pizza: parma with prosciutto and arugula was fine - though a few more seconds to char then\n* deserts: peach tart a la mode and chocolate and cherry cake capped a nice meal.\n* service: attentive, but not rushed.\n\nFine food and professional service made for an enjoyable night out.  Appreciated the restraint on salt and butter; wish the noise level was lower to make conversation easier.\n\nSimilar to, but Posto is ...\n* above Tomasso Trattoria, Southboro \n* on par with L'Impasto, Cambridge \n* below La Campania, Waltham"]
["Had a very nice dinner at Posto this past Saturday. We had a reservation at 8:15, but the restaurant was busy and we didn't end up getting seated until 8:45. However, the host was considerate about giving us updates, and thanked us profusely for our patience. The moment we sat down, our waitress came over with some complimentary rosemary sea salt bread and warm olives to apologize for the wait. It was very good, and all was forgiven.\n\nMy friends and I were all happy with our meals, as well. The gin gin mule was very fresh and light, and the crab tortellini was amazing. I will definitely be back!"]
["If you lived in the area, I could see coming here for an affordable but still nice date night. Plenty of open, breezy al fresco space, sleek and subtle decor, giant shelves of wine and moderate prices--check, check, check.\n\nThe food itself is not remarkable, though. I had the marinara pizza and it was a tad too greasy, the crust was a tad too burnt, and the flavors were a tad too bland despite plenty of garlic pieces baked onto the pizza. Also, it was cut into 4 giant slices, which made eating a chore. Not impressive for what should be the restaurant's signature item.\n\nThe calamari I split with my friend was way too lemon-y--and this was before anything had been drizzled over it. The batter was sort of powdery too, so eventually you just want to pick it off to have the chewy, chewy squid underneath. My friend's half portion of the White Gulf Shrimp wasn't bad, but it was so greasy and topped with so many fried bread crumbs that it just got overwhelmingly rich after a while. I should know--she only ate about half of it and I tried to polish off the rest but just couldn't.\n\nMaybe I can summarize the pizza experience like this: I initially had them box up my remaining 3 slices to take home. After sitting and chatting with my friend for some 20 min after we'd paid our bill, we decided to finally leave. I stood up, looked at the box of pizza and decided not to bring it back with me. Not worth it."]
["Okay, I've been to Posto four times now and can say with confidence that their margherita pizza is really good when paired with an arugula salad, but otherwise you should walk up the street to Flatbread pizza if you are planning on getting more. The sangria is sort of watery (the wine list in general is overpriced and subpar), the service always is noticeably flawed, and if you order a normal dinner you are looking at overspending on a so-so meal.\n\nHowever, if you DO go to Posto, I have some recommendations on the food beyond the margherita pizza and arugula salad. The calamari is good, the ricotta pasta is sort of lemony and well-seasoned, the arugula and pancetta pizza is passable, the mussels are not too bad (there's Pernod in the broth). I've had some other pizzas and they've all passed the edible test, but I have to emphasize how much I prefer Flatbread to Posto on the level of atmosphere, pizza and especially salads, beer selection, and waitstaff. In all: if you go to Posto, just split a margherita and arugula and be done with it. Leave a little hungry and maybe save room for dessert elsewhere. I've had the apple pie and gelato, which was good. Sure, go for that.\n\nI'm just not wild about this place. There's just a little bit of a douchy vibe with the flat screen televisions, less than average communication among the waitstaff and subsequently your table, and the music is questionable. This place is just a little confused on whether it's a sports bar or a good Italian restaurant. If it goes with the latter, the prices can perhaps be justified."]
["First, we did have a serious issue with our food. Our server and the manager both acknowledged the seriousness of the mistake, and apologized. They comped our meal. No one's perfect, and I'm satisfied with how they deal with issues that arise.\n\nWe got the fried calamari, and I was just thrilled with them. The presentation and flavor were both wonderful. Portion size was good too. We also got a pizza. We couldn't decide between margherita or meatball. Our server cleverly suggested splitting the pizza half and half, and it worked out well. They weren't whole meatballs, but they were significant size chunks, and they were rich and delicious."]
["Yum! Came here on a date and loved the cozy atmosphere for that. The space isn't huge, but it doesn't feel crowded. Good drinks and creative flatbread, of course. Very romantic! In nice weather they have tables outside, too. Check it out if you're into the idea of a fried egg on your pizza."]
["A great addition to the neighborhood - every time I've been to Posto, I have had a great experience (with food and service). Good for date night - in the winter, the pizza oven gives a wonderful cozy feeling. In the summer, sit outside on the sidewalk for some awesome alfresco dining. \n\nFirst of all, the apps. I have dreams about that burrata - the rosemary sea salt bread and meatballs are also really really good. Pretty good cocktail (gin gin mule yumm!) and wine selection. For entrees, we get the same thing every time we go so that's all I can comment on - apple pizza and that gnocchi. It is as good as they say, get it.\n\nPosto, I love you. Don't ever change."]
["I wasn't expecting much from Posto. We made a last minute reservation on our way back to Boston from a long day trip. I wouldn't normally attempt to park in Davis Square, but we actually managed to find a pretty close spot in no time. \n\nI thought the hostess was a tiny bit snooty. We probably looked a bit 'wind swept' after a sunny day outside, but I think our reservation was for 5 and it's not exactly the Ritz. She seated us at a very awkward table where the staff had to brush by constantly even with other tables free. (I think I might have even asked to be seated away from the kitchen on OpenTable, so what's that about?)  I was also facing directly into the sun for most of the meal. We probably should have said something, but by the time we got our drinks, we just figured we would suck it up.\n\nAnyway, other than a little attitude at the door the service was good. The food was pretty amazing actually. Everything was very fresh and well-presented. I felt like the prices were reasonable given the quality of the food. \n\nI think it would be 5 stars if they could get the hostess on board with the general good vibe."]
["I am amazed that people are still giving this place more than 2 maybe 3 stars after they changed everything.\n\nThis was by hands down the best place in Davis Square, but now it absolutely sucks. I have lived here 2 years and for any special occasion I would be at Posto. When we asked what happened to our favorite dishes (lamb meatballs, Pork Chop/Risotto) the waitress said their new executive chef took them off the menu as he builds the new menu for Posto and the Painted Burrow. Since then the options on the menu blow, the food isn't as great of a value (skimp on the prosciutto pizza), and the service is just sad to watch.\n\nSince they changed the menu I have been here 3 times and have been depressed each time after leaving. The last time I was there it was my mothers bday, and the year before we went to Posto and she called it her favorite restaurant in Boston...after our last experience she will never go back and calls it the worst dining experience she has had in her entire life.\n\nOur waitress put our appetizers in with the main course so it all came out at the same time, they brought multiple plates of the same dish, they forgot 2 of our orders, half the party was done eating by the time the remaining orders came (one of which was the birthday girls), they charged us for all the multiple items they brought out, and at the end of the night instead of taking anything off the bill, they offered us a free dessert (not coffee just the pastry) which was even more insulting.\n\nIt has been over 2 months since I've been there and it still annoys me to this date how badly they screwed this place up."]
["They have a wonderful and variety menu that would appeal to just about everyone.  My favorite items are the pizzas...most tasteful and authentic around...including the North End pizzerias.  We usually like to sit at the bar to eat/drink...have made some friends along the way with both other patrons and staff.  They're bartenders are excellent at their job with special call out to Vincent."]
["Delicious smallish Italian restaurant!  Have been there two or three times now and it never disappoints!  Brick oven pizzas and delicious pasta and meat entrees. Don't waste time on the salads, nothing special. The bruschetta appetizer is amazing and I loved the pear and buratta one as well (although you really never can go wrong with buratta). Got the osso buco meat which was so tender mmm. Others at our table got the gnocchi with short rib and bolognese tagliatelle and were equally happy."]
["I went with my family here on Sunday. I was kind of disappointed. They did not have many choices for us for appetizers because everything had butter and cream in it. We try to eat very healthy and the waiter said they are not big into changing the menu around. They did not want to accommodate us at all. We started off with the Caesar salad and it was okay. We then got the mushroom pizza. I asked for it well done and it come out very doughy. You would think it would come out well done since they have a brick oven. My mom got the Sunday pork special for 18 dollars. It came with mashed potatoes and my mom doesn't eat that so she asked for a vegetable. The server made a big deal about it and would only do it if she was allergic. She said she was allergic so they gave her vegetables. To me, your a restaurant. Your suppose to accommodate to peoples needs.  This was a big fail on there part. Will not be back.\n\nI am giving them 3 stars because the pork was very good. It was done perfectly. I would of given one star if it was for the pizza. They are known for there pizza and it was awful. If your looking for good pizza, go to figs. It's amazing there!!!"]
['I love this place at first sight!! The atmosphere is so romantic! The decor is very well thought through, with their original paintingsz\n\nThe staff is so attentive! The pizza, and other dishes were all phenomenal!! \n\nI LOVED the Nutella Norte!!! You must try this when you visit. The cannoli is very good as well very creative filling:)\n\nI am eternally grateful to Cody for printing our forgotten tickets!! Amazing customer service:)\n\nHighly recommend!!']
["I have heard so many wonderful things about Posto and finally made it in for a visit at a UYE  last night. Not only was the company fantastic (duh) but the food and service were pretty great. \n\nAt the bar I asked for a cocktail menu...then Lu B. told me 'You don't need a menu. Its called the Gin Gin Mule, and you need to order it.' I'm not a gin fan, but I took her word and swear I drank that mule in about 3.4 seconds. Bombay Saphire, ginger beer, lime juice and muddled mint make a super refreshing and light drink. \n\nWe made our way over to the table and amidst all the gabbing and laughing the waitress managed to keep up with all of our requests. There were adorable glass jugs of water on the table and the cocktails kept coming. I shared the Honey Crisp Apple pizza and the combo of sweet apples, salty bacon and sharp gorgonzola fit the bill. It was $16.50, which I thought was reasonable considering the ingredients and the service. In fact, my total for 2 cocktails, a pizza, tax and tip was under $45.\n\nThe waitress split all of our bills, and for or a party of 20+ that is quite a feat. Gratuity of 20% was added, which I hate to get as a surprise. I added another 5% for her because the service was so great, but I wish she had told me that 20% was on the bill.\n\nThe only real gripe I have is how dark it was. I get the whole mood lighting thing, but I couldn't really see my food."]
["This restaurant has been on my list since I moved to Somerville and I'm glad I did!  The atmosphere is a little bit like a Colorado ski lodge, but more upscale - enormous brick oven, large wine rack, and windows looking over the street.  The wine list was small, but very carefully picked - they even had a Barbera wine!  The waitress was attentive, but not overly and was very knowledgeable.\n\nWhen it comes to pizza, its all about crust for me and Posto has a great crust!  Although it was a bit thicker than I like, the flavor and texture were spot on.  I ordered the mushroom spinach pizza, my brother had the pepperoni, and my father a pork pizza.  My dad's only complaint was that the pork tenderloin slices were large and inconsistently cut so it was difficult to eat.  We also ordered to appetizers - nonna's meatballs and bruschetta.  I don't eat meat, but my brother certainly had no issues with them.  The bruschetta was delicious as well.\n\nOverall, I really enjoyed the restaurant, the prices are a bit steep for pizza, but worth it every now and then - I'll be back!"]
["Had an OK experience at Posto. The staff was pleasant and service was quick. \nI had the butternut squash crab ravioli and it was decent. For some reason it didn't taste very italian to me. It reminded me of chinese wontons, but in a good way. We also had the margherita pizza and a pasta bolognese. They were average OK. The food came out very quickly. \n\nMy annoyances with this restuarant was that: 1). The air conditioning was blowing right on my food which made it cold. 2). There was a burning stench each time the cooks would take out a pizza from the brick oven. This made my appetite diminish. \n\nOverall experience was average. It's a cute cozy place for the neighborhood."]
['Great service, great food, great experience.\n\nMy boyfriend loves Italian food so I decided to give this place a try and we were not disappointed.  The waitress, Brianna, was friendly, and the food came out quick which is a total plus for me.  Everything was clearly hot and homemade.  We had the salt and rosemary bread with spicy oilve oil, the ravioli type duck dish with egg, which was delightful! And one of the specials that night which was also amazing.  \n\nI highly recommend this place!']
["I'm so torn.  Posto has nice ambiance yet is very casual, decent food yet way overpriced, good bar service yet flakey waitstaff.  \n\nIf it weren't right down the street from where I live, I'd probably never go back.  I go infrequently as it is and find that I'm usually mostly content with the food and service...until the bill comes, when which my indifference turns to abject disappointment.\n\nAt $17 for a small flatbread pizza and $20+ an entree, Posto is a major letdown.\n\nSigh."]
["Posto hits all the high notes, and leaves you wanting for nothing - as a dining experience, if you're in the mood for relaxed, casual, yet hip and elegant, Posto is as good a spot as there is.  \n\nPizza and pasta highlight the menu at this Davis Square standard. As with any place that's been doing it as well, as consistently, and for as long as Posto has, expect a glut of diners around the 6-8 pm mark, and make sure you make a reservation.  The bar is a good option for those looking to crapshoot; your full menu, as well as a great view of the restaurant and the elegant workspace can be had here, if you can get a seat.\n\nDon't forget to order a cocktail, either.  The mixologists are doing God's work behind this bar, and can't be fooled by a weird old-time recipe either.  Gin Gin Mules are the signature drink of Posto, but they turn out a great gimlet, a superior sidecar and a ridiculously refreshing rusty nail. Great beer offerings and a decent wine selection can be found as well. \n\nTheir flatbread-style pizza uses fresh ingredients, and has a nice snappy crust.  They branch out beyond the usual red sauce/veggies/meats, and have many offerings of sauces, toppings and styles.  The Bolognese is magnificent - rich, cheesy and full of huge, deep flavor.  The carbonara is incredibly well-done, and the short rib gnocchi is not to be missed.  \n\nThis is a great spot for groups, they handle large parties with ease.  Do yourself a favor and come prepared to share - you'll love trying everyone's choices!"]
["I can't believe people are downstarring this place based on the noise.  If you want a romantic-quiet dinner, make it at home, or find a specific romantic-quiet restaurant.\n\nWent with a big group. Our waiter didn't write anything down.  Amazing how he remembered everything. He was top notch. More on the staff later.\n\nAll the windows/doors were open so it was a gorgeous setting and the place just had an awesome vibe.  I love the high exposed brick ceilings.  This place is nice.\n\nWe ordered some pizze and appetizers to start.  Pizze were delicious.  The fried calamari was cooked perfectly.  Arancini were ok but the sauce they came with was fresh and delicious.  The bruschetta was very good, especially with the added fresh ricotta cheese.\n\nFor entrees were ordered a slew of different items.  Tagliatelle with rabbit, Agniolotti, gnocchi, cavatelli, steak, swordfish, and some more pizze for the kids.  Everything was delicious.  I tried all of the above except gnocchi and it was delicious.  I was told the gnocchi were excellent.\n\nFor dessert all good - the tiramisu was light and not heavy, cannoli were delicious with very good filling, and the chocolate cake was divine.  Espresso was excellent, not thin like you find in many restaurants. It had a thick quality crema on top.  American coffee was just as good.\n\nThe staff here was superb.  Our waiter, I don't know his name was just excellent.  He was right on top of everything and extremely friendly.  He answered every question we threw at him.\n\nIt's refreshing to find a place like this where everything messes so well.\n\nI'll go back here in a second and I highly recommend it.\n\nSplit a pizza. Split a pasta dish. Try everything. It's delicioso!\n\n--Galvanting G."]
['Great food, but way too noisy\n\nThe food here is great, no doubt about that. We ordered two apps and two pizzas and everything was absolutely delicious! No complaints.\n\nMy issue, however, is the noise. If you\'re looking for a nice romantic restaurant, this is not it. We literally spend our meal screaming at each other and asking "What??" repeatedly. \n\nThey seriously need to do something about this, it sounds like a middle school cafeteria. No joke.']
["I REALLY enjoyed my meal here, though our waiter awkward and weirdly aggressive.  Still, I'd return.\n\nCalled on Friday afternoon and was able to get a reservation for that evening, but I think this is rare.  Even after arriving, we had to wait almost 20 minutes.  Boo.  No real apology, but I guess they get away with crappy service since the food is so good.\n\nSampled: Rosemary Sea Salt Bread (YUM), Nonna's Meatballs (YUM), Brown Butter Cauliflower (YUM. sensing a pattern here?), Manchego Bruschetta (YUM), Classic Bolognese, Kabocha Squash Ravioli, and Beef Short Rib.  The last three were also yums.  Everything was so delicious, and we were STUFFED at the end of the night, even though we ordered the half-portions of the pastas.  Prices were very reasonable.\n\nI'll definitely return to try the pizzas."]
["One word - Fabulous. \n\nAfter threatening a visit for months, we finally made it to Posto and man are we glad we did!  We were immediately pleased that Posto took over a great space that we enjoyed in the past when occupied by other restaurants. Its a great open floor plan with concrete floors and a wall of windows to the street. Also nice is being able to see the famous oven and the chefs at work! Nothing to hide here when working very cleanly with wholesome and fresh ingredients!\n\nThe owners and staff are super friendly and highly professional who pay close attention to the customers and their positive dining experience (special thanks to John, our knowledgeable and attentive waiter).\n\nWe were here for the brunch menu and were hard pressed to find one thing we would NOT try on the menu. Its full of delicious salads, classic breakfast dishes and scrumptious pizza choices.  We settled on the Caesar salad, eggs Benedict and margarita pizza accompanied by bloody marys.  All were out of this world amazing.  The salad was fresh and perfectly balanced with flavors of cheese, lemon, garlic and a hint of anchovy. You gotta love the teeny croutons as well! The Benedict was melt in the mouth perfect with a hollandaise sauce that was so light it was almost effervescent! I swear this has ruined me for eggs Benedict anywhere else. I suppose I should look at it as, I need look no further for the holy grail of bennies cause this is it! Trust me. The pizza is everything people say it is, packed with flavors on top of picture perfect crust!\n\nThis meal was the best dining experiences my wife and I have had in a loooong time, thank Posto!  Cant wait for outdoor seating in the spring. Elm street is a good street for it - not too busy with good foot traffic for people watching.\n\nYou can bet we are coming back for dinner soon. We checked out the dinner menu that looks very exciting. Enzo, their wine preservation system affords crazy good wines by the glass that most restaurants would have you buy the whole bottle. Beyond the Enzo experience, the wine list is very respectable.\n\nUpdate:\nMarch 1, 2010\nAfter the amazing brunch experience we were BACK for dinner coaxing two friends to extract themselves from the South End promising they would not regret it. They didn't!\n\nThe dinner was just as memorable as brunch. Word on the Gin Gin Mule. I am not a Gin drinker cause it gives me nightmares, but I loved it enough to order two! Can you say apocalyptic dream life??\n\nWe started with the caesar and a beet salad. I was convinced my wife who has an aversion to beets would be converted, and if ever there was a chance this was it, but no such luck.  I had the crab tortellini that was delicate and sublimely melted in the mouth in a flavor symphony. The others ordered pizzas and all were remarkable.\n\nWe are so happy to have Posto in our lives!!\n\nUpdate: \nJuly 26, 2011\nDO NOT GET THE BURGER ....if you intend to ever want to eat a burger anywhere else ever again. Posto serves the best burger I have ever eaten .. and I love burgers. Grass fed bliss served with perfect pomme frites."]
['Excellent food and service.  So much more than a pizzeria.  We had the mussel appetizer special (in spicy red sauce), spaghetti carbonara, and Jonah crab tortellini, and it was all outstanding.  The large family group next to us got the whole roasted pig dinner with much fanfare and picture-taking.  We were there for an early dinner and it was a nice mixed crowd of families with young children, people on dates, and larger parties.']
["Been here a few times. Love the pizza, love the ambiance, love the wine.\n\nService is top notch, everyone is friendly, the bathrooms are clean and it's a perfect place to start your night out in Davis!\n\nGo here and love it like I do!"]
["Posto is awesome. We went for my boyfriend's birthday and the customer service throughout the evening was above and beyond. The hostess wished him a happy birthday as soon as we walked in the door, and our waitress, Michelle, took it up a notch. I was unsure about wine choice and my entree, but she had great recommendations for both. \n\nWe ordered the Arancini appetizer. It came out really quickly and was delicious. I wish it had a little more sauce to dip in, but we devoured it all the same. It took a little longer for the entrees to come out, but we forgot about that as soon as we had our first bites. With Michelle's recommendation, I ordered the Cavatelli with braised lamb and my boyfriend got the Sopressata pizza. We were both very very happy, so much so that even after I was full I was trying to finish the plate. \n\nSince we were so happily full, we opted not to order dessert, but they brought us a tiramisu to share with a birthday candle in it. It was generous, and delicious. We'll definitely be going back. Great food, great service, can't think of anything I'd change."]
['Could your personnel not be glued to the television including the kitchen personnel and manager(was in kitchen) to watch football.\nCould not order as the table was not lit. \nThe check was picked up on my side of the table and was returned to my partner. Was it because she(the waitress) thinks a white man always pays and not an asian???\n$14.00 for a caesar salad. The croutons were rock hard.  It came with one anchovy, and the dressing is mostly lemon juice. Not a cesar salad!']
['Love this spot. Great pizza and apps. Sangria is so yummy. Love the atmosphere. Salads are good too. Also can be a bit pricey for what it is. But, I enjoy coming here for drinks with friends or on special occasions!\n\nCons: Can be crowded so try to call ahead.']
['I\'m torn between the rating I want to give on the food and the rating I want to give on the service so I\'ll give it a 3 and explain. My husband and I walked in shortly after 8 on Saturday night. When we first walked in, there was no one at the podium to greet us. After a minute or so, a small girl with short curly hair approached us with no smile or any welcoming vibe whatsoever. We asked how long the wait would be for two people, to which she asked if we had a reservation. If we had reserved a table I would not have been asking how long the wait was. Anyhow, we were estimated a "50 minute to an hour" wait. We told her we\'d wait at the bar. \n\nThe bar was full except for one seat practically behind the bar with very little room. I sat and my husband stood behind me. Although the bar was very busy, we were not acknowledged for a solid 5-10 minutes. Finally we ordered our drinks and waited for an opportunity to open for us both to sit together. An hour and a half goes by and tables or 2+ were seated one after an other. Not only did the girl at the front desk not keep us informed on the wait or that she still had us on the list to be seated, she barely even looked our way. We ordered an appetizer to hold us over. Since it was our first time, I really would have liked to be sat in the dining area. We ended up giving in when our bartender noticed that we were getting impatient. She checked in for us and came back saying that it\'d probably be another hour or so for a table. We ordered our meal at the bar and had a nice time there. It was also really annoying to see guests walking into the restaurant just like we did and have the hostess no where in sight, roaming around. The food was good, will probably go back to try out more of the menu, but our experience with the miserable hostess was less than inviting.']
['A great find in Davis Square. I reserved a table for my boyfriend and I for his birthday. From beginning to end, the staff was attentive and accommodating. Our server, Jamie, was knowledgeable and had a fantastic sense of humor. The food was fantastic and flavorful. \n\nI recommend this place to everyone! Please go, and do not skip dessert! The cannolis are to die for!']
["Amazing pizza, surprisingly comparable to some of the best Neopolitan pizza I've had in New York City. The crust is always nice and puffy around the edges with a little bit of char, and they don't go overboard with the toppings. The toppings are all incredibly fresh. I highly recommend sitting at the bar, ordering a margherita pizza, and a Pretty Things Baby Tree. Heaven.\n\nMy other pizza favorites are the Eggplant and the Meatball, but I haven't tried a single one that I didn't love. I usually stick to the pizza menu, but I have strayed and tried the crab tortellini and the gnocchi. Both are fantastic, and you can order them as a half portion if you just want to split them as an appetizer. \n\nThe only reason I can't give Posto five stars is that their pizza isn't 100% consistent. It's never a failure, but sometimes they need a little bit more salt. This is easily fixable, and a drizzle of their chili oil doesn't hurt either. The service is also sometimes a little bit cold when you're sitting in the dining area, but I usually stick to the bar where the bartenders are friendly and always recognize the regulars!"]
['The food was great. tried the calamari, pizza and caramel apple crostata. all highly recommended. the ambience is very nice.\nHowever, what really stands out is the friendly and helpful the service. I would go back just for that.']
["I had an amazing experience at Posto 12-1-12. \n\nI went around 7:45PM to Posto with a +1. First off, MAKE A RESERVATION. This place is popular for a reason, and is very busy. Nevertheless, we showed up sans reservation and was told the wait would be an hour. We said sure, they took down my phone number, and we headed out to grab a drink at a bar around the corner. Five minutes into our walk I get a call from an unknown number. It turns out to be Posto calling to inform me that someone has cancelled their reservation and that we can come back to be seated immediately. I thought this was a very nice touch. \n\nThe atmosphere is hip, lively, and trendy. It's a new age Italian place with a vibrant atmosphere. I think they cater to a 20's-40's crowd mainly. I loved it. \n\nApparently all of the pasta here is hand-made and fresh. That's an awesome touch. We ordered the dinner specials for the evening: Porchetta with squash puree and roasted vegetables, and a cavatelli special with a Ragu sauce made of pork belly, sausage, and I think rosemary. \n\nThe food was phenomenal. The cavatelli was rich and flavorful. It was a perfect harmony of different flavors blended together and cooked perfectly. The pork belly added a beautiful flavor and texture to the dish. \n\nThe porchetta was very good also (although I'd order the cavatelli over the porchetta). Similarly cooked to perfection, the pork shoulder was tender, juicy, and easy to cut through with a nice ribbon of fat lining the outer 2 layers of meat. The vegetables were excellent, a great compliment to the pork shoulder. You can tell they had been slow roasting the shoulder all day. 2 fantastic dishes. \n\nThe service here was awesome as well. The gentleman at the front who called us back to tell us there was an open table was busy all night. He was charming, and really took pride in his job. He was asking people how their meal was, offering dessert menus, etc. The waitstaff was great as well. Attentive, timely, and courteous. \n\nMy only complaint, and it's small, was that there was a delay between the cavatelli coming out and being served and the porchetta. It's probably due to the fact there are no heat lamps (that I could see) and the chefs want everything served fresh and hot as it comes out. I do appreciate that, but the timing could have been better. Maybe I'm nit-picking. \n\nGreat atmosphere, great service, and excellent food. I'd definitely eat here again. Be prepared to shell out ~$20 per entree. The pizza is cheaper and I'm curious to try that. But the food is worth the price. \n\nI would compare Posto to another new-age vibrant Italian place that caters to the 20-40 crowd: Wicked Pizza. I love Wicked. I must say, this place is a cut above. \n\nHighly recommended.\n\nPS- I forgot to mention when the staff brought out a beautiful, roasted pig to present to a table to diners in the back room. They marched the pig from the kitchen through the dining room to the back, where customers were (presumably) given the choice of which meats they wanted or to present the pig to see if it's to their liking? I'm unsure. It was a truly awesome display and a great touch to a fantastic meal."]
["Delicious but the portions for what I ordered are small and overpriced! \n\nI ordered the grilled octopus salad w/ white beans, olive, celery, parsley, oregano, lemon and roasted tomatoes; and the apple and gorgonzola bruschetta which had prosciutto and honey too. The grilled octopus starter for $9 was about the size of a petri dish but tons of flavor though the dressing was a bit heavy. The celery offered a nice crunch to the octopus tho the components are chopped small. The bruschetta had two pieces for $7 and was ooey creaminess. The merlot was tasty too. Great place though I think I'll come back for pizza and/or pasta to fill my stomach as those portions seemed to be more in line with the price point."]
["My boyfriend and I love it here and try to stop in as often as we can. We like sitting at the bar to eat because in most cases we feel less rushed than sitting at a table in a restaurant. The staff is always very friendly and attentive and the kitchen does not put out a bad meal. One of my favorite apps in the city is their burrata- which I have had with peaches (I think they rotate the fruit). We also love the pane with the spicy olive oil to start. You can't go wrong with the tagliatelle pasta or the porchetta pizza. Pastas come in half sizes which is great because I never finish a whole order. Would definitely recommend as a great date spot or place to go for a nice dinner with friends. Posto's food is fresh, clean and delicious. Definitely one of the best places to eat in Davis."]
["I have done a ton of dumb stuff in my life.\n\nOn the short list we have: bleaching my hair; moving to Boston for my ex-boyfriend and ordering the Tripe at Posto.\n\nWhy did I do it? Because I wanted blonde hair, duh. Oh...the tripe?\n\nIt was...um....ok? I literally couldn't give it away. I was shouting DOES ANYONE WANT SOME TRIPE??? at my first Yelp event. I bet I made a good impression.\n\nBut seriously...it was ok. I've had tripe in Philadelphia before and they serve it on a bun and honestly, I think I've been drunk every time I've eaten it. I just don't think that tripe is that cool.\n\nDOES ANYONE WANT COW STOMACH LINING?\n\nWeird. No one does."]
["Rich, tasty Italian food has a new name: Posto.\n\nI went here the other night for my birthday after passing it for months.  The food was delicious - I loved the options, the portions, the atmosphere, and the prices.  \n\nWe got the rosemary fries to start with, and my friend had the fig, arugula, and prosciutto pizza for dinner.  I had a half portion of the tortellini with crab and pumpkin sauce - it was small, as the waiter warned me - but I don't think I could have eaten more the 5 pieces they gave me because they were so rich, creamy, and delicious.  The wine list was extensive and the environment was just trendy and romantic enough to allow for a diverse crowd.\n\nThe service was inconsistent, as other reviewers mentioned.  We got what we needed, but we were waited on by four different people who came and went as they passed by, rather than the usual check-in to make sure your food was ok, to see if you wanted dessert, etc.  It was busy, but it would have been nice to get a little more attention.\n\nNote: If you have a limited time frame, go ahead and make a reservation or call to put your name in on your way over.  We called and they said there was no line, but there was a twenty minute wait when we got there ten minutes later (and it still wasn't peak dinner time).  I wish they had asked us if we wanted to put our name in, as this made our dinner a bit stressful.\n\nI loved the food and the scene enough that I am still giving it four stars, and I would return under similar circumstances... with a reservation!"]
["Stupidly good bruschetta. Totally delicious pizza. Awesome gnocchi. Love the vibe, just don't like how poor I feel when I leave."]
["The atmosphere alone would get this place 4 stars, in my opinion. \n\n But in addition to that the drinks were delicious (tried the gin-gin mule and the hibiscus margarita. I don't know when this new hibiscus trend started but I'm strongly for it and hope it continues), the service bordered on overly attentive, the calamari was crispy and perfectly cooked, and the margherita pizza was fresh &amp; flavorful (and very filling- I took more than half home!).\n\n A place worth making the trek to Somerville for (high praise from this JP resident)."]
['The vibe of the restaurant is very cool and our waitress Maddy did a great job both serving our food and also making it comfortable for us to stay for awhile enjoying our drinks after dinner was over.  We had the wood fired pizza and it was pretty good. The wine selection was stellar. They had a great looking menu I would definitely come back and try some of the other options on the menu.']
["Fresh. Everything is fresh. Got the burrata as a starter and LOVED the flavor pairings; it was served with prosciutto, wood fired peaches (less sweet with an amazing charred flavor), and rosemary honey. While everything on the menu looks awesome, I definitely recommend trying the wood fired pizza. It's really hard to find that style of pizza in the northeast, and it's actually a really authentic Italian way of making pizza. To top it all off, our service was excellent! Our waitress was very personable and sincere, and she offered great recommendations."]
["Had a quality experience here last night.  I was feeling obnoxiously hungry so I decided to order a pizza for my appetizer and then a full portion of the Bolognese dish.\n\nI had mixed reviews for their wood-fired pizza.  The crust, although thin, was nice and soft.  The pizza had a nice sauce to cheese ratio.  However, I found the crust at the ends to taste rather doughy.\n\nThe Bolognese was great!  The tagliolini tastes so fresh and there was quite a large amount of meats in the sauce.  Needless to say, after being a piggy and eating it all, my stomach was in a little pain.  But I couldn't waste any of it.\n\nI'd recommend here for a simple Italian dinner.  The decor made the restaurant feel slightly above casual.  The lighting was intimate so you could take a date here or just grab a pie and catch up with friends."]
["I came here on a Wednesday night for a friend's birthday party. Let me get straight to the point. The food was very good. The arugula salad was simple and excellent, with loads of greens and chunks of Gorgonzola. My main dish was gnocchi with short rib. The short rib sauce was rich and thick. The gnocchi was fine, but was missing taste in of itself. Fortunately there was plenty of the short-rib sauce. A couple of friends had the special, spaghetti and meatballs with garlic bread, looked so good, my mouth is watering just thinking of it! I also tasted one of their desserts, a chocolate fudge with caramel that was very decadent. Service was excellent from the host to the servers. I definitely need to come back for the Wednesday night special!"]
["$85 for dinner for two, not including drinks and we both left hungry.  That's really the bottom line.  The food was good, but at these prices, I shouldn't be leaving hungry.\n\nFood is the cheapest cost at a restaurant so there's no excuse to be so stingy.  The $23 tortellini had 8 tortellinis.  They call it a 'light summer dish'.  It's not like they are identifying themselves as tapas either.  It seems they serve very little food so you aren't so full that you don't order dessert.  But I think after having 3 appetizers and 2 main dishes and having so little food actually served, we were ready to get out of there and have an actual meal.\n\nAlso, the caesar salad, while a decent salad, was not what one would call caesar.  The croutons were rock hard.  It came with one (pickled!) anchovy, and the dressing seemed more olive oil and lemon juice and nothing else.  A light salad, but certainly not caesar.\n\nFood quality is excellent.  The room is excellent.  Staff is excellent.  But I shouldn't have to go to Shake Shack after spending $85 on dinner.  Frankly, I felt like a sucker."]
['I just can\'t get enough.\n\nThe minute Posto opened, it became my favorite restaurant in Davis Square. This is one of those places that adds up to more than the sum of its parts. I could describe menu items in detail (and actually, I will), but this is one of those restaurants that has a certain something that pulls it all together and makes eating there fun for the stomach AND the soul.\n\nSo, when you go to Posto you basically have two choices: pasta or pizza. They do actually have some full plated entrees (salmon, steak, etc.) that I have heard are good. I haven\'t tried them myself, because I never get past the pasta and the pizza.\n\nPizza is Posto\'s trademark, and the pizza here is the best you\'ll find (as long as you like thin crust). The crust is flavorful, and the perfect combo of crispy and chewy. Posto makes its own mozzarella in house and features imaginative ingredient combos. For example, honeycrisp apple, gorgonzola, bacon, caramelized onions and arugula. Or egg, caramelized onion, scallion, fontina, and parmesan.\n\nPro tip: eat the part of the pizza with toppings on it, and then eat the edge/crust as breadsticks, dipped in the chili-infused olive oil you\'ll find in a bottle on your table!\n\nBut what I\'m really in love with is the pasta. First of all, everything comes in either a full or a half order--helpful when you\'re not in the mood to spend $20 on an entree you won\'t be able to finish anyway. Not sure if the pasta is made in house, but it is definitely fresh, not dried. Always super fresh and al dente. Pasta that has a flavor of its own and stands up to the sauce.\n\nLooking through the less positive reviews, one theme seems to be that things are salty here. I agree they can be a bit on the salty side but it doesn\'t seem like anything over the top to me. I do notice that some dishes are on the fatty side. For instance, the short rib gnocchi they had last winter... Eating it, I felt like I was storing calories for hibernation. It seems like sometimes, the folks at Posto are going for rich and sumptuous but instead you just end up with your pasta swimming in oil. The first bite was heavenly, but if they want people to enjoy even their full half portion, they need to lighten it up.\n\nSpeaking of the half portions: they actually vary in size. Last time I went, I ordered the agnolotti with spicy goat ragout. I only managed to finish half of my half portion and was concerned that maybe I received a full portion because the server didn\'t hear me when I ordered (Posto and the Painted Burro have the same ownership, and Posto is almost as loud). But when the check came, I had indeed been billed for only the half portion.\n\nThe previous week, I had the seafood tortellini (stuffed with a mixture of crab, lobster, and scallops). When I asked for the half order, the server actually strongly suggested that I get a full order. He said he always recommends this and not a single person has ever not finished the full order. When it came, I\'d say there were a total of 8 to 10 tortellini. The sauce is also pretty light for this one--a pea broth with parmesan foam/cream. He was absolutely right--I finished it all, no problem. I\'d say the half portion of goat agnolotti was larger than the full portion of seafood tortellini. Whatever, it\'s fine, just be warned.\n\nAfter you make the pasta vs. pizza selection and the half vs. full order selection, one more important decision looms: wine or beer? (I hear they also have cocktails, but I\'m not the one to ask about this.) They have a smallish but well curated list of draught and bottled beers (maybe 8 of each), a mix of New England and Belgium (and of course, Peroni always on tap).\n\nBut the wine...oh, the wine. They have about a dozen each red and white on the regular list, and they offer everything by the glass. There is also the "Enzo" list: rare bottles that they offer by the glass with a special imported Italian wine preservation system. However, lately some of the prices on the Enzo list are actually lower than some of the prices on the regular list. Another little oddity that I\'m willing to overlook.\n\nThe list is heavy on little-known Italian grapes. If I can give you one piece of advice, it is to try the Terre Primitivo, an Italian red with low acidity--it is like drinking velvet.\n\nOne small decor note: the restaurant\'s windows face southwest and there isn\'t a tall building across the street, so if you are there when the sun is setting you will be subjected to a blinding glare. Posto, if you are reading this, could you invest in some shades?\n\nIf it seems like this review is dragging on, it\'s because I don\'t want to go. I don\'t want to end my love letter to Posto, and I don\'t want to face the fact that once I live in Wisconsin, my visits to Posto will probably become less frequent. I\'m hanging on the phone... No, Posto, I don\'t want to say goodbye. YOU say goodbye. (No, YOU say goodbye.) No, YOU say goodbye!']
["one of the best Italian restaurants I've eaten at and that is a bold statement. I've had Italian food all across America from norther California to southern and New York. I've also been to Italy. Posto still has been one of the best Italian restaurants I've eaten.   can't pin point any particular dish as every time I've been the food was amazing."]
["I've been to Posto approximately 983438 times since I wrote my first review back in March 2011 and I am long overdue for an update. I am pretty sure that it was an off night when I first went. Since then I've had several of the pizzas (all delicious). In my most recent visits I've had the calamari (yum), the tomato and goat cheese bruschetta (yum x2), the steak burger (so good, and the rosemary sea salt fries rocked my socks). Also, you should definitely try the gin gin mule, at least once. Preferably more than that. \n\nNot only is the food great, but the bar and waitstaff are fantastic. For me, that's what really separates a good restaurant from a a great one. And Posto, ladies and gents, is a great restaurant."]
["I got the gnocchi ( recommended by many ) and a cannoli for dessert. I thought the gnocchi was incredible! Melt in your mouth, perfect for fall. The bartender recommended a wine to go with my meal and it was delicious! Cannoli was a perfect end to a tasty and comforting meal. I can't wait to make it back to try the pizza!"]
["I am a total pizza snob but I have to say I have to welcome Posto with open arms.    The service was fantastic at the bar and at the front.  The barmaid new how to time not only our drinks properly but the food came out at a pace that met our appetities.   I like to sit down at a place and enjoy the meal and not feel rushed.   \n\nThe pizza was thin crust and looked fantastic.  I am from New Haven CT so I am extremely picky and Posto delieverd!   The toppings were good and of course I had to ask for my pizza well done to make sure it had some Sally's like flavor.   Their dough is decent but it was still a bit on the chewy side so maybe it needed a little more oven time to get to the right consistency.  The toppings were fresh substantial.  \n\nI will be back again for sure .. \n\nBTW They serve Triple 8 Vodka and have a nice reasonable wine list."]
['Very good meal, long wait on a Friday night, decent ambience though a bit noisy, and a bit pricey.  But the food itself was a 4+.\n\nMy friend and I shared the Burrata appetizer, with the unusual combination of prosciutto and white peach and mozzarella, which was yummy, though I would have liked bread with it.  For dinner, we had the pork dish, excellent, and the tortellini with maine crab, also great.']
["Probably my favorite place around Boston! Their pizza is one of the best I've tried, but if you prefer pasta it is just as perfect.\nOne tip about this place: try the Sunday morning brunch! If the nights are usually booked and kind of loud, very few people seem to know about the brunch. It is cheaper and quieter. You usually don't need to make a reservation. Their brunch menu is incredible. I suggest the burger or the eggs benedict.\n\nNice service, delicious food!"]
["For Neapolitan pizza, this was just not up to par. I hate to say this but the sauce on the Margherita was flavorless, a tad better than tomato paste...The crust was great, but given the cheese was unsatisfactory along with the sauce issue, it didn't matter much. Also, the fried green tomatoes appetizer was actually red and not crispy. The calamari was disappointing to say the least.\n\nNot sure why this place is getting such high marks, although it is hard to find Neapolitan pizza around Cambridge. In my honest opinion, skip this one for now. Its overpriced for the quality of food. Maybe they just need some competition to get their act straight."]
['Excellent Lamb!!! \n\nAlso, the espresso with Amaretti was the best thing in the world! \n\nWe really enjoyed our time there and we will get back very soon!']
["I can't believe it took me this long to discover Posto, although the Subway, Wings, and Pizza Hut-ish places that surround it aren't so promising..\n\nMy friend and I made reservations through the very handy and reliable online reservation system on a Saturday night. It was loud, packed, but they have a cool, dark wood, sleek angles, modern kind of ambience going. \n\nThey brought us the sea salt bread, which is indeed very good- for an appetizer, we had the chicken liver mousse with some sort of tart fruit spread on top- it was served beautifully, with little crostini. For the entrée, I had the braised beef with potato gnocchi- EXCELLENT! My friend had the crab tortellini. For dessert, we split the hazelnut/cookie/espresso loveliness....I honestly can't remember, but the espresso was very well made, and we were fairly stuffed.\n\nMy only complaint is that it was super packed and loud. It was somewhat exhausting. But I will be back, maybe to try brunch or a pizza!"]
['Really good Italian food in an unlikely but fitting place, a true gem. \n\nI went there recently and found it to be on par with some of the bona fide and great tasting  "Italian" restaurants in the north end. Great bartenders, great drinks and delicious food!!!\n The three reasons why this place does not get a five star rating are: the ill timed waiter, to be fair he was trying his best but he was just rushing us to order by coming to the table every 1.5 minute to ask if we knew what we wanted. \n The fact that the entrees were brought out 7 minutes after the appetizer which made for some awkward plate shuffling considering that the appetizers were still being consumed and finally it was super loud.\n\nnext time I go there because I sure will, id rather have my amazing meal be part of an experience instead of just good food.']
["I had wanted to go to Posto for a while. I pass it frequently while walking to Porter Square and it just looks so adorable, so when my roommate invited me to go here with her and her parents for her birthday, I was all over it.\n\nIn terms of environment, the interior is just as charming as the exterior, if not more so. It would definitely be a great place for a date, but I wouldn't really need an excuse to just go here whenever with whoever either.\n\nThe food was absolutely amazing. My roommate and I both ordered the Margherita pizza (with our own add-ons: I had mushrooms) and her parents shared a kabocha squash ravioli dish. I had a taste of that and it was incredible.\n\nWe also ordered some appetizers, including a rosemary sea salt bread that was out of this world as well as the polenta fries (also delicious). I didn't try the bruschetta because it had gorgonzola on it and I am one of those people that just can't handle that cheese.\n\nThe cocktails looked interesting, but we all shared a bottle (or two) of wine, of which they had a nice selection.\n\nOverall, my experience here was great and I look forward to going back!"]
["Posto is my favorite restaurant in Davis Square.  I love really thin pizza and this pizza is so similar to what I had in Naples, Italy.  It is really, really awesome.\nIf they have the gnocchi with short ribs...get it!  But it isn't always on the menu.\nMy BF ordered the chicken once and I was just appalled that he would do that considering how awesome the pizza is but the chicken dish was pretty great!\nAlso, I love their drink selection!\nMake a reservation ahead of time!!!  Posto is always packed."]
['Really good food!!  The manager was attentive and added to our experience. Wine list was super &amp; reasonable.']
['Yes, they\'re busy.  Swamped, even.  And they\'re new, so I\'m sure the service is spotty at times.  And I am certain that any place that calls itself a "wine bar" gives certain folks preferential treatment and is rude to everyone else at times.\n\nBut regardless, their product is in the upper echelon of pizza, using the style and quality of ingredients necessary to exact it into that Top Five Percent that no neighborhood joint can hope to rival.\n\nThey cook in an 800 degree wood-fired brick oven.  All else being equal, a pizzeria with an 800 degree wood-fired brick oven creates the better pizza.  A 500 degree steel number that you\'ll see in every Main Street Pizza and Brother\'s Pizza and Subs in every town in America cannot beat brick.  Posto can put a char on the crust that infuses the dough with a wonderful depth of flavor before you even get to the sauce and cheese.\n\nSpeaking of, the sauce and cheese on the margherita were both simply outstanding.  The sauce had a wonderful tang without being too sweet or too bitter. The cheese had a firmness and saltiness that could stand up to the high heat of the oven.  The basil was wilted down wonderfully and created an overall profile that could stand with any of the pizzas you can eat in New York or New Haven.\n\nTheir specialty pies and appetizers were also outstanding.  The roast pork and broccoli rabe absolutely sung.  The hint of lemon zest on the arancini brought something very special to the heritage pork inside them.  The fried calamari were firm and flavorful, with more of that excellent sauce.\n\nI\'m not discounting any poor review of Posto.  They\'re new, figuring stuff out and certainly offending foodies with either pretension or perceived apathy.  But regardless, this place does pizza the way it is supposed to be done.  You will not find a better pie for miles.']
['As I write this, Posto has been open less than one week and already the over-the-top haters are coming out to play.\n\nIn the manner of a review vigilante, I will over-the-top rate Posto four stars. In a better world where people actually focused on, say, an entire menu, staff, and experience after the restaurant had a chance to work out the kinks, I\'d give the restaurant four stars, which is more appriopriate for a casual restaurant making excellent family-friendly fare in a restaurant with televisions over the bar.\n\nWith that out of the way, there\'s something really, really, really important you need to know about Posto. IT JUST OPENED. \n\nThat\'s right. It opened last Thursday. I ate there on a Monday night. Only its fifth service ever. \n\nYou get it? They just opened. Posto isn\'t a smooth-running machine yet, there\'s a staff very recently thrown together, some just starting work the night you meet them (as in the case of my super-friendly and personable bartender, Jeremy, who still wasn\'t familiar with the menu on his first night ever at Posto, but went out of his way to get answers, chat with the diners at the bar, and make everyone feel welcome).\n\nSo now that we have that established, let\'s talk about what Posto is about.\n\nPosto is about great regional food, well-prepared, using fresh, local ingredients in season. They don\'t scream about it on the menu (there\'s little-to-no namechecking here), but chef Joe Cassinelli has made local sourcing - and artisanal products - a priority. And he\'s got the chops. \n\nWhile pizza is the focus here (a wood-fired oven imported from Italy bakes a pizza in 1.5 minutes), I think the antipasti are the real stars. There\'s a huge variety of interesting variety meats - crispy pig ears and tripe served in the style of Rome. On my visit  on a monday night, we ate flavorful, slightly spicy with a \'Tuscan Vinaigrette", perfectly crispy calamari. For $11 it was a reasonably large portion and we enjoyed every bite. The soft pillow of fresh burrata ($12), topped with pesto, pine nuts, olive oil and Parmigiano-Reggiano was a hit at our table. We had to fight each other for the last bite. We also shared a fava bean, pea and string bean salad ($12), which was near perfect except for slightly-too-many raw onions thrown into the mix. Even my dining companion, a self-proclaimed raw onion fanatic, didn\'t finish the onions. \n\nPizzas range in price from $12 for the Margherita DOC (the signature Neopolitan pizza made with Caputo \'00\' flour, San Marzano tomatoes, and Fior di latte buffalo mozzarella from Italy) to $18 for more fancy pizzas, including White Anchovy and Prosciutto Cotto. They also have several add-ons - for $3 you can have a soft farm egg cooked on your pizza, some roast pork (hello porchetta!), or white anchovy. For $5 they\'ll add prosciutto. The pizza is very good - though you can tell that the pizzaolos are still getting to know their oven. Our pizza was cooked just a smidge under perfect, with the crust needing just a few more seconds of browning time before coming out to our table. My neighbor\'s pizza was more perfectly baked, and I was envious (don\'t get me wrong, it was still great, I just am a stickler for crust perfection). \n\nIf you aren\'t of the mind to order pizza, they also serve three meaty pastas and have daily specials of traditional red sauce Italian restaurant hits (eg lasagne on monday, cacciatore on tuesday, spaghetti and meatballs on Wednesday, eggplant parmigiana on Thursday, etc.). Its cute and sweet homage to \'traditional\' Boston Italian restaurants.\n\nDessert is, I hope, a work in progress. It is a simple menu, priced at $5 per dessert: there\'s affogato (espresso and ice cream) served with a biscotti; a duo of ricotta cannoli; and zeppole, a simple Italian \'donut\' served with honey.  We ordered the cannoli, and they were very competent, full of vanilla flavor, but lacked the excitement of the rest of the menu. I hope with time the chef expands the menu and makes it as showstopping as some of the antipasti and Insalate. \n\nI\'m planning to go back later this week to try out more of the menu. I\'m hoping that I\'m able to get a seat - even on a Monday night, a week into opening, the place was a zoo. There was hardly a seat available at 6:30 pm. So plan to wait. Not really a problem though, as there are delicious craft beers on tap and lovely snacks to nibble on while you wait.']
["Just a little update to say that Posto is surprisingly friendly to the pregnant lady crowd. When I quizzed my waitress about the cheese on the salads she told me how everything is pasteurized and safe for pregnant ladies (not sure if it's a law in MA or what, but still good to know, and I was glad she knew enough to say so to me). They also even have a few mocktails on the menu, which ALMOST makes up for the fact that you aren't drinking a gin gin mule.\nAnd also. I had an apple tart with vanilla gelato that was UNREAL. Yum!!"]
['Think I might have found my new favorite restaurant in Somerville. Loved the food and the service. Got the cauliflower and the burrata appetizers. The cauliflower came with raisins and I usually hate raisins. This dish changed my mind. How can you ever go wrong with burrata? It was amazing as expected and I highly recommend. \nAlso got the margherita DOC pizza- full of flavor and the crust had just the right amount of chewiness. With a glass a wine, I was a very happy girl. Came with my husband and the two appetizers and one pizza left us satisfied. \nOn our way out, the manager made a point to thank us for dining at Posto. Very friendly service!']
['5 stars: CHARCUTERIE PLATE!!!!!! Holy cow was that sublime\n\n4 stars: The center of our Porchetta Pizza (with runny farm egg ... yay!!!) crust was soppy-wet. Otherwise it would be a 5.\n\n5 stars for entertainment: sitting outside &amp; watching a woman who was walking down the street walk straight into a street sign pole in front of us.']
['I love this place. And, I\'m going to give it five stars, despite a few things, which I\'ll round out my overwhelmingly positive dining experiences at Posto. \n\nFirst, I really do appreciate fresh, simple, well prepared food. Posto gets it. I\'ve been there enough times to grasp that some of the chefs have a heavier hand in the salt department than others. I suggest strongly that if you find this to be true, either mention it beforehand, or send your dish back. It\'s not a chain restaurant where everything was seasoned 3 months ago a a production facility. The guy in the white coat is cooking your dinner. I ordered the arancini the first time I went there, and yes, they were a tad too salty. The next time? Perfect. And so, the art of a second chance wins again.\n\nI like the management here. They\'re super responsive and professional. We ate with my parents on a busy Friday night, and despite a long wait time for the "meet and greet/drinks/specials" schtick, an awkward but shyly attentive waitress, etc., my mom was a happy camper. I guess if you knew my mom, you\'d understand why this is impressive. ;)\n\nAnyway. Its a fancy pizza place with a pretty good wine list, great looking cocktails, and a bit of "rustic-modern" Italian fare. They definitely deliver on what they are selling, without being ostentatious about it. \n\nNeeds improvement on:\n\nThe noise level. I find it fluctuates from white noise to dull roar, and it\'s generally ok as long as you and your dining companions can project.\n\nThe function room. I don\'t understand the bad art/strange lighting bit. The rest of the place is a mirror to the overall product and well thought out, but I find the back room to be offensive enough of a visual to actually enjoy my meal less when seated there. But it\'s probably just me, right?\n\nIf you live near Davis square, this is kind of the only nicer place woth eating at. Unless bland bar food is your thing, then more power to you, and more delicious pizza for me.\n\n\nOh. OH! They are opening a MEXICAN restaurant where Gargoyles used to be. I have high hopes on sustaining myself exclisively on tacos in house-made totrtillas. Kidding...maybe.']
["Disappointing.  Decided to give this a try while walking through Davis Square and really wished we had kept walking.  As a vegan I usually stay away from pizza places but it looked like they had lots of other choices.  Upon closer examination no vegetarian pasta options, no vegetable options, I was left with a bean salad without the cheese.  Salad was okay but portion was very small given it was the only thing on the menu to eat.  My husband ordered a pizza that came out 5 minutes after we ordered.  You can't make pizza in five minutes, but you can rewarm already cooked pizza crust that is soggy.  He expected a crispy crust from a place with a wood fired oven.  I ordered a lemon sorbet for dessert that was so hard and icy that I could barely cut it with my spoon."]
['Great concept, location, space, bar, menu and servers but too many failures in the execution of the menu: octopus over cooked and beans undercooked in a salad; pork over cooked and dry in three orders of the entree, a general tendency to have a heavy hand with lemon and fresh herbs, and Bolognese sauce totally lacking in unctuousness, Some high points: beet salad, calamari, gnocchi with short ribs and excellent Negroni. We were a table of six and we dined before the seven PM crush.']
['I have been going to Posto regularly since it opened. The food remains good overall, however, tonight I was a little annoyed with my dining experience...\nMy $9 glass of wine was a dismal 2.5 oz pour.\nAn order of bruschetta: 2 tiny pieces on a plate. First of all, food in odd numbers is more pleasing to the eye. Secondly, as we intended to split this appetizer between the 3 of us, we were quite disappointed when a plate of 2 tiny pieces landed on our table. PUT 3 PIECES ON THE PLATE.']
["I heard about this place on Phantom Gourmet about 6 months ago and have been at least 6 times since. All I can say is, DELICIOUS. Coming from someone who studied abroad in Italy, I'm so in love with this place. It tastes like authentic pizza from Italia. All of the pizzas are fantastic, but I keep going back to the Magherita. I would also highly recommend the Rosemary Sea Salt bread as an appetizer. The spiced olive oil they give you with that is to die for. \n\nThe atmosphere is also very nice and comfortable, with wood decor and the giant ovens within view. This is the perfect, cozy date night place but it is small. I would definitely recommend making a reservation. Even when we get there right when it opens (5pm) and there's barely anyone there, the host/hostess makes it a point to give us a dirty look and often a snarky remark if we don't have a reservation. That's the only annoyance about this place. \n\nOther than that, it's awesome."]
['Bar Staff was Attentive\n\nGin Gin Mule was addictive\n\nHalf Order of Pasta Bolognese was Delicious\n\nPosto is THE  place to be on a Saturday night!!']
["I used to love this place. Perhaps I should have reviewed it last year and I would have given it 5 stars.\n\nPosto used to be the go-to destination where I would bring out-of-town guests. The burger here was one of the best in the Boston area. The pizzas were, amazing (they're still better than average). Apparently there was a change in management or a new head chef but the last time I came here, with my father and stepmother, the food was disappointing. I suppose I could chalk it up to one bad experience. However, the quality of everything ordered was not as good as it once was. \n\nAbout the burger: Yes, I understand that Posto is a pizza/pasta place, but the burger was the juiciest, most delicious I've ever had. I've enjoyed area burgers at Craigie on Main, Drink,  Shake Shack, R.F. O'Sullivan's, Bergamot, etc. and out of all of them, I loved and would constantly recommend Posto. The burger has been taken off the menu, and if ordered, is dry and unimpressive.\n\nThe (most recent) pizza: We enjoyed two standards, I can't recall exactly which. We missed the fig pizza with gorgonzola and onions, topped with arugula. Or the ramps pie, so delicious. Despite a more limited menu then previously available, the pizza was not as bad as the burger. I would really like to say I would return again but I doubt I shall. \n\nAlas..."]
["Had a great time here with friends -- excellent pizza and wine. I think it actually is quite telling if a place with fancy pizzas not he menu (with trendy things like pork belly and ramps) still makes a fantastic traditional margarita pie. With a simple pizza, the quality of the tomato sauce and cheese and dough really stand out and Posto's did not disappoint. I'll have to return for the pasta, but the pizza was phenom and the space is really beautiful/well laid out. I've heard other restaurants haven't fared well in this location, but at dinner time on a week night, Posto was bustling, almost completely full. \n\nService was good -- not intrusive. Minor snafu with dessert (wrong one was brought out and we had to send it back) but hey, it happens.  Error was corrected quickly."]
['The food, the atmosphere, the giant flaming pizza oven - -  it all makes for a great place to go.  If you are looking for a nice restaurant and you enjoy a good crunchy pizza, you really can\'t go wrong with this place.  It leaned towards a crowd slightly older than the most of Davis Square, which I appreciated.\n\nNext time I go, I will be organizing it for a group of friends to order the whole roast pig.    They have a "back room" sort of area that seats large groups.  I can\'t wait to go back and do this!!']
["I have to start this review with the rosemary sea salt bread, as that is what my Posto experiences have always begun with.  It comes delivered with that fresh out of the oven warms, slightly crisped edges, and soft doughy center. The hot pepper infused olive oil is the perfect accompaniment- but beware not to take too big a dip- this stuff is seriously hot! \n\nI've sampled the pizza's of others, but have personally always come back to the pastas, which are packed full of fresh flavor. The classic bolognese  is fantastic, as is the carbonara. I've tried two different iterations of the carbonara. When I was there in the summer it was a bit lighter, with peas as one of the ingredients. Most recently, as the weather has chilled down a bit, it has morphed into a heartier fall dish with incredible pork belly and brussel sprouts mixed in.  I can't wait to see what it becomes in the spring! \n\nThe cocktail menu is also quite notable. As I'm sure you've read from others, the gin gin mules are fantastic, and a must have at Posto if you're a gin fan. However, I also encourage you to venture beyond that stand by, and explore some other cocktail offerings on the menu. These also change seasonally, and I found the apple cider sparkler to be a wonderful fall drink. I need to go back to sample all of the other wonderful autumn cocktails described on the menu!"]
['Delicious food + wonderful service - Posto is a new favorite. The gnocchi is masterful.']
['Great brunch spot in Davis Sq. It was busy but we were promptly seated upon arriving for our reservation. The ambiance is modern, fun, and inviting: exposed pipes, brick, walls of wine, and wood fired oven. \nThe breakfast pizza with bacon &amp; egg &amp; sausage frittata were both lovely and the portions were huge! Our brunch dates enjoyed the burger (which was loaded w bacon) and the Verdura frittata too. The beer &amp; cocktail offerings are pretty standard too. \nThe tables are close together and the food took a while but otherwise it was a good experience. \nBottom line: nice new addition to our brunch rotation. I will be back for dinner next time.']
['We explored Davis Square for the first time and enjoyed the neighborhood. We went searching for a particular restaurant (Gargoyles) that was recommended by a friend. Unbeknownst to us, the place had called. It became obvious as we ventured down Elm Street that something was amiss. We made an inquiry at another restaurant and was told Gargoyles had closed. We spied Posto from across the street and decided to give it a try. \n\nWe were thrilled to discover this wonderful place! We walked in at the start of dinner service and were seated immediately.  We started with their soup special (a creamy and delicious concoction of root vegetables) and we each ordered a small pizza. The  crust was thin, crispy, and perfectly cooked in their wood fired oven. Our waitress informed us that the owners of Posto purchased Gargoyles and will be putting in a new place with a Mexican inspired menu. When our travels take us back to Davis Square, we shall return to Posto!']
["There were things I liked about Posto-- the spacious floor plan and attentive service for example-- but I wasn't blown away by the food. I ordered the parma pizza, which contained prosciutto, mozzarella, arugula, and a lemon anchovy vinaigrette. While I appreciated that they didn't skimp on the prosciutto, there was actually way too much of it on the pizza, and as a result, it was the only ingredient I could taste. A little prosciutto goes a long way, and I felt bad that so much of it went to waste because I had to pull it off the pizza. That said, I would definitely visit again because it seems like everyone I was with enjoyed their meals, and there are plenty of delicious-sounding options to choose from."]
["I've been to Posto a few times now and it's a very solid Italian place. They have a good wine list and a decent beer selection; I've ordered the prosecco a few times and it's great. I love that they made their appetizers into little plates! I always love trying a bunch of different things when I go out to eat and now it's easy for my boyfriend and I to split two little plates before a smaller entree. The last time we went we got the calamari, which was solid, and the manchego bruschetta, which was delicious! I loved the crunch of the pistachio and I always love a good manchego cheese. \n\nSurprisingly I've never actually had pizza here; for some reason I've always felt like getting pasta when I'm at Posto. The beef short rib gnocchi was sooo good - the half size was almost too big because it's such a rich dish, but it's delicious. The short rib was very tender and the sauce was really good. I've also had the half of the bolognese pasta, which was HUGE and also very delicious, but rich because of the heaviness of the meat and sauce. My boyfriend had the half-size crab tortellini and he said it was really good but I barely got a bite since that one was definitely smaller than my short rib gnocchi and a little lighter. Overall though, the food was great and I will definitely continue to go back!"]
['What I love: decent pizza, good wine, great beet salad, good service, noise\nWhat I don\'t care for: noise\n\nWhy is "noise" under both headings? Because depending on who I am dining with, the noise can be both a blessing &amp; a curse. \n\nOverall - a great place and I\'m happy to see something last in that spot longer than 7 minutes.']
['Quite good. Had the mushroom risotto, roast chicken, and pork chop. Pork chop was definitely the best. Risotto was delicious and the chicken was quite good as well.']
['Hate to give a bad review but a few things need to be said: \n\n- Quite a few pizzas were ordered for our group, and while they were ok, everyone agreed that they\'ve had better for cheaper. Sorry "certified" pizza!\n\n- The wine we ordered was overpriced but cheap tasting. Also, on the menu is was $37 but on the bill $43...\n\n- Appetizers were calamari and bruschetta: very disappointed with the calamari, it was tough and not very flavorful. \n\n- Pasta was fresh and tasty \n\nIn a nutshell, though the vibe was trendy and fun, we didn\'t find the food at Posto to be good enough for the money.']
["Want to feel like you aren't really in Davis or Porter Square? Then Posto is the perfect place. It is right in that awkward land between the two squares, but the decor, ambiance and impressive wine and cocktail list definitely make you feel like you have escaped the usual spots in Davis and Porter. And by awkward land, I mean this is that same location that has been a few things already because it seems to be in that special bermuda triangle sort of area that just doesn't get a lot of traffic.\n\nSo far though, this place is packed! We had a 45 minute wait for dinner for 4 on a Friday here and I heard from Nadia K. that it was a 45 minute wait for a party of 2 for dinner on a Tuesday! So either this place being new is getting it a ton of business, or this place is really just that good. \n\nMy opinion? This place is trendy and fun and definitely a new type of experience offered in the area, so I think Posto has a winning recipe for success. This place has a small outside patio (but note: NO alcohol is allowed out there!! so if you want to partake in their amazing drink list, you'll have to sit inside!!) and huge open windows and doors which just gives it that extra bit of class when you combine it with the black luxurious wooden wine racks that go from the floor to the ceiling, the wood fired oven being in plain site as well as a completely open kitchen, so you can see all of the action that takes place for your food. \n\nYes, the service was a bit slow...and by slow, our wine and beer took quite some time to get to us that we all just sort of kept staring around blankly ha ha. But they have a few cheaper bottles of wine and a great white wine sangria cocktail and Matt J. was happy with the stout on tap too. \n\nAs for food, definitely go for pizza here. I wanted to give this place 3 stars because my pasta for $16 was not enough food in the least bit even if those tortellinis were made by hand and had some crab inside. Those fresh peas were just okay, and there maybe only about 8 or so tortellinis total! The pizza is definitely a meal for one person, and the Bianca pizza took the prize in our group. Although the sausage they use on the sausage pizza had a spice I really liked too. And they even freshly shave asparagus on a pizza here too!\n\nCome in for wine, pizza, and an escape from the norms of davis square that just makes you feel like you are out on the town even when you are no where near crossing into Boston heh"]
['Fantastic. Went last night with 3 other friends. Good thing I made a reservation even though we got there right before the rush. Once we were seated with our drinks, all of a sudden I turn around and the place is packed. There was a line when we left. This restaurant was good. Glad finally something worth while is in this space that has been turned over several times.\n\nWe dined "family" style, ordered two pizzas (Prosciutto and the Marinara pizzas), the calamari and the Fonduto. All superbly done and satisfying. Anyone who\'s never had authentic Prosciutto pizza is unaware that fresh prosciutto placed on the pizza is the best way to have it. I wish the Fonduto came with more cibatta  bread since there was four of us and a lot of cheese left over in the bowl. It was so good, my friend just kept eating the cheese with her fork and no bread!  \n\nThe ambiance is great, not too loud. I saw small children there and that was totally fine (they were well behaved). The bathroom situation was weird. They have two unisex, one-stall bathrooms which is fine, however something needs to be done to indicate someone is in the bathroom. I kept seeing people go up and try to open each door every time. A little green/red "vacant" / "not vacant" sign on the lock would be great. just an added touch.\n\nThe waiters, waitresses, hosts were polite and attentive. We didn\'t feel rushed to leave even when the place got super busy.  The drinks were well made each time and the prices are very decent. I\'ll be dining here again.']
["My boyfriend and I came here for a Friday date night, anticipating delicious Italian food, pizza, wine, and ambiance.\n\nThe restaurant is definitely warm, inviting, and cozy. We each started off with a cocktail while perusing the menu. Since Jeff loves mussels, we decided to start off with the mussels appetizer. For entrees, I got the full order of the beef short rib gnocchi and Jeff, the salumi pizza. We also ordered a carafe of wine to go with dinner (bonus point for having glass, carafe, and full bottle options). \n\nLife is good, mussels come out, OMG they're served with rosemary sea salt bread- SCORE! EXCEPT, as soon as Jeff dug into the mussels, the shells were cracking and falling apart in his fingers. At first, I told him to just be careful since these mussels were smaller, but then we kept finding tons of shell pieces in our broth. A handful of mussels were cracked, and then I started crumbling a few shells with my fingers. This was weird. We should've said something as soon as Jeff noticed, but we felt bad since we had poked through the whole dish crumbling shells and had eaten half the sea salt bread by then. We were both disappointed in the quality (can't believe they served cracking/crumbling mussels!) and afraid we would get sick! We left the rest of the dish, hoping for better with the entrees.\n\nWe waited almost half an hour between our app getting cleared and our entrees. Not ideal, but it was a Friday night. My beef short rib gnocchi was definitely better, although very salty. Jeff's Salumi pizza was also good - we agreed it was the best thing we ordered. \n\nFor $120 (including tip) and fear that we would get sick from the shellfish, we both agreed it wasn't worth it at all."]
["I love this place!\nIt seems like a California inspired Italian menu and ambiance.  Very simple and straightforward decor.  The wine list is great and the entrees are creative and delicious.  I had a spring pea ravioli dish that was made with rice flour almost like gyozas.  It was so flavorful and not heavy at all.  \nMy husband and I were impressed that we had two apps, two entrees, a bottle of wine and 2 deserts for a little over 100.  That's amazing for around here."]
["So I normally wouldn't write a review with so many others already written, but there a couple of things preventing this place from being a 5 star place that I thought it would be worth sharing.\n\nAs a start the place was inviting enough.  Full on a Saturday night at 7:30.  Really a neighborhoody type place with kids still at dinner with parent.  MAJOR flaw though was the noise. The space was great with large windows overlooking Elm St, but not any sort of sound deadening to be found.  My wife and I had to shout to each other to be heard over a table for two. Really needs to be changed!\n\nThe waitstaff was knowledgeable, attentive and friendly.  My water glass was always full, the plates were cleaned in appropriate timing and the courses moved well.  One tacky note and yes this is picky, but we re-used silverware for each course. I was not expecting that at this price point.\n\nFinally the food. We shared an appetizer of goat bolognese angolotti.  The sauce was good, but not fantastic.  Good try, but the flavors didn't meld well enough like other top places we have visited.   The pasta was over-cheesed making the dish salty in my mind. I like a good salty Italian hard cheese, but it should be an addition to the flavor, not a major component.\n\nWe then shared a pizza.  The dough was fantastic, cooked through, soft, well constructed with good flavor.  We have had pizza in Naples, Rome, Tuscany, New York, New Haven etc.  We have even done the pizza at Marc Vetri's place Osteria in Philadelphia. I think Posto has beaten Vetri here.  There were a number of creative options, and homemade cheese to boot.  Definitely the highlight.\n\nNext we shared a roasted half chicken entree with roasted winter vegetables.  The chicken was well prepared with a good salty crust. The vegetables were underwhelming. Only potatoes and onion with a vinegar addition.  \n\nFinally we shared a dessert.  A tiramisu, nothing special, but not bad. My espresso was good, my wife has had better decaf at diners, so work needs to be done there.\n\nWine selection was good with a nice range of prices.  \n\nAll in all, a great pizza which is above 5 stars with a range of other items that drag the review down.  They were packed for the entire night which is a good sign, but some simple improvements could make this place absolutely fabulous."]
["Perfect date spot, but, for those of us without dates, it's also a great spot for a night out with friends. My girlfriend and I have been here together twice, and it gets better each time. \n\nTheir salads are dynamite. I've had the arugula endive salad on both visits, and I would order it again. On my first visit, we split the fig pizza, and we both found that it was a bit too sweet. Second time, we split the bianco pizza and added caramelized onions, and it was amazing. Let's face it, caramelized onions make everything better, and cheese is a pretty damn good place to start. \n\nThe service is fine, but not amazing. My first time here was my birthday, and the server brought out my surprise cake to the table next to us. Surprise blown, but they did apologize and take it off the bill. \n\nOne star goes to the vibe of this place. It's always busy (make a reservation!), and it feels like everyone there is enjoying themselves. This is the kind of restaurant I want to be in when I'm out with the girls, complaining about how I can't get a date. \n\nBonus: They play Food Network on the TVs behind the bar. This was the first time I've ever seen this happen in a restaurant, and it made me so happy."]
["Great location (since it's a few blocks from my house), interesting menu and I thought the service was really good.  Granted, there was a very long wait on a Sunday night, but I think that will die down once the buzz about an actual good restaurant being in that location dies down.  \n\nI really like what they've done with the place.  I have been in this location for a couple of the other restaurants that were there, and Posto has definitely turned this space into something beautiful and sexy.\n\nOn to the food.  Calamari was crispy and light.  I wasn't a huge fan of the arancini.  They were a little too crispy and dry for me.\n\nI chose the artichoke pizza and every bite was delicious.  My boyfriend got the prosciutto which I tried.  This thing was overloaded with prosciutto, which in this case may have been a bad thing.  It was super salty.\n\nOverall, I thought the food was awesome and filling and totally worth the price.  I can't wait to go back and get a glass of wine or one of their interesting beer selections.  Yay wine and beer!\n\nI hope this place lasts."]
['Great pizza. It is actually high quality. Like, sliced motz instead of generic shredded cheese. The appetizers are also great.\n\nIt has a nice dimly-lit relatively quiet feel. It is great for a date or catching up with a friend.']
['So this place has been my favorite for a while mainly because there are not a lot of Italian places around us and also the outside seating. Last night my daughter and I went there for dinner and the service and customer service quality as well as food quality were disappointing. I ordered three dishes. \n\n- Salmon: was so uncooked that after the very outside layer I couldn\'t cut through it with the knife and it was cold in the middle. I am a fan of pink salmon in the middle but this one was uncooked and the outside was burnt. I sent it back and when it came to out table again it was very dry and totally burnt in the outside. I had to look though the whole thing to find unburnt pieces for my daughter and those were dry and chewy. Needless to say it cost $22 and quality was terrible not just disappointing. \n- Mushroom Pizza: was tasty but very greasy. I liked the taste but the grease was too much. \n- Tiramisu to go: They didn\'t put it in my togo bag. I checked the bags when I was putting them in the car and had to take my daughter out of the car seat and back to restaurant to get it. \n- Lemonade for my daughter in a plastic cup. It was very very sweet. I had to ask them to pure out some of it so I ended up with maybe 1oz of lemonade which I really don\'t think had any lemon in it by the way and they charged me $4. I think it\'s just bad customer service. \n- Arugula Salad. I asked if I can add fish to it and they said "they don\'t add protein to salad" - Just disappointing \n\nOverall I don\'t think we\'ll go back there and I don\'t recommend it either.']
["Went there based on yelp review....and I have to say the reviews are absolutely accurate. Very friendly waitress and a beautiful interior. \n\nAs to the food we had: \nThe fried calamari were thick and tasted fresher than your usual bar food calamari and the tomato sauce was really nice and fresh. \nThe seafood pasta tasted really awesome, you could taste both the lobster and the scallops without it tasting too fishy, in addition the sauce was simple yet really great. It was so good that we ordered some extra bread to dip it and the (fresh baked) pizza bread was really fantastic - which makes me want to order a pizza next time I'm there. The veal ravioli was the perfect dish for someone who likes braised meat (which I'm not a big fan of). Last but not least, the grilled haddock tasted really awesome with the prosciutto covering the fish. \n\nHighly recommend it, can totally keep up with any italian restaurant in the north end (if not it is even better)."]
["After over 4 months of settling to my new place and passing the delicious smells from Posto as I sadly walk to the gym, i finally came to Posto with a few friends. This is hands down the best upscale Neapolitan style pizza I've had even compared to the some the highly reviewed pizza places that disappointed me in DC.\n\nTo start, we ordered the rosemary sea salt bread based off the reviews. I enjoyed it and it was tasty, but I think it would have been ok to pass on. It wouldn't be too much of a stretch if they simply made it their complimentary bread offering. That would have given them one of the top bread baskets in Boston. I split both a veal ravioli and a honeycrisp apple pizza. The ravioli was undercooked, but we were able to flag down our waiter and they re-fired it promptly and without a fuss. Service points win there.\n\nAs for the pizza. Wow. the apples maintained juiciness and cut into the Gorgonzola crema and nicely complimented by the applewood bacon. The crust was crispy and the center of the pizza didn't get too soggy as most of these types of pizzas get. The restaurant space is nice, though a little crowded, but always seems to be lively and full when I pass it, even when we went during the middle of the week.\n\nIn the summer there's outdoor seating, but be warned, you'll see a stocky asian guy sadly walking by on the way to the gym, while trying to inhale the delicious smells as he passes by head down in sadness that he's not eating there that day."]
['We had dinner last weekend at Posto for a special occasion and really enjoyed the experience. Everything from the food to the service to the decor was great. So yes, this place is definitely worth a try... we\'ll be back, for sure!\n\nAmbiance: Posto opened in 2009, and it definitely has a "new" feel inside. The decor is quite modern in style, but still warm and inviting: high ceilings, lots of hard wood, and a completely open kitchen. It\'s a very sleek space, with the only minor drawback being the noise level. Because the space is so open (bar, kitchen, and dining room are all part of the same area) and everything is solid wood,  it was pretty loud on a busy Friday night. Like I said, a minor drawback, but one to bear in mind if you\'re looking for a more intimate dining experience.\n\nService: Our waiter, Andrew, was fabulous. He was professional, yet friendly, and attentive without seeming pushy. He also did a nice job of talking us through the menu and pointing out some of his favorites.\n\nDrinks: Posto has a pretty modest wine list, improved a great deal by the fact that they use a special "Enzo" preservation system which gives them the chance to offer several more unusual wines both by the glass and as a full bottle. The also have a decent selection of beers; however, the most interesting feature of their drink menu to me was the cocktails--they offer about ten specialty cocktails which change seasonally. I ordered the fall sangria noir (red wine, brandy, pumpkin puree, and spices), which was absolutely delicious, while my bf was similarly pleased with his apple cider sparkler (Prosecco and apple cider). \n\nFood: To start, we ordered a couple of salads. There were some more tempting options on the menu (I\'ll be back for the fonduta and the meatballs!), but we needed to balance the heaviness of our entrees somehow. My arugula salad was simple and tasty: the honey and thyme vinaigrette was a perfect counterpoint to the bitterness of the arugula, and they didn\'t overdress it. My bf\'s beet salad was good, but a bit too sweet. The goat cheese was somewhat of a counterpoint, but not enough of one for the combined sweetness of the beets, candied walnuts, and orange vinaigrette. \n\nThe pizzas were tempting, but we both opted for pastas instead. I absolutely loved my beef short rib with potato gnocchi, although I was glad I ordered a half-portion because of its richness. The beef was perfectly braised and not too fatty, the gnocchi had a fabulous texture and the wine sauce and Parmesan cream finished off the dish quite wonderfully. Next time I go, I do want to try their pizza, but I\'m going to be sorely tempted to order the gnocchi again if it\'s still on the menu! My bf\'s cabonara with pork belly and Brussel sprouts was good and homey, if not as exciting as my dish. He ordered the full portion and ended up taking a lot of it home.\n\nFor dessert, I ordered a chocolate-cherry cake-like thing which was pretty darn delicious. By that point of the meal, I was quite full, but I couldn\'t stop stealing bites of it as we were waiting for our check. My bf\'s hazelnut affogato with Bailey\'s was also quite tasty--the gelato had a nice and creamy texture. He\'s not much of a dessert guy, but he seemed pretty happy!']
["On a miserable rainy night in the beginning of April, my boyfriend and I schlepped over to Posto for dinner, hoping to warm our toes and spirits. We sat pretty close to the door, which was not particularly pleasant as we were still a little exposed to the elements every time someone opened the doors. Not to be deterred, we decided to get some drinks. He ordered the Gin Gin Mule that everyone raves about, while I opted for the Stoli Doli. Both were good, though we're certainly not experts (but the half-dozen vodka and Sprites we got the night before could have told you that).\n\nWe got a wide array of dishes that all had one ingredient in common: SALT. This worked for some dishes, but certainly not the lemon arancini. Between the mozzarella, pomodoro, and parmesan, I expected it to be a little salty, but it tasted as if an entire shaker had been spilled in the mix. The other side-effect of the salt was to completely mask the citrus flavor. Luckily, this was to be the only real train wreck of the night. Better to get it out of the way first. The Tomato &amp; Goat Cheese Bruschetta was also laced with sodium, but I didn't mind it as much.\n\nUnable to decide between pizza and pasta, we got both. We split a Meatball Pizza and a half-order of Maine Crab Tortellini in a creamy pea sauce. The latter dish actually shied away from the salt, choosing to overload on pea flavor instead. Ending on a more positive note, the pizza was good, if a bit small, and was only a little bit salty.\n\nDessert was a pair of cannolis from Modern Pastry. As an ardent Mike's fan, I did not approve, and ate them begrudgingly. They were fine, I guess...ok, they were delicious. Sue me! It's pretty bad, however, when the best dish you have all night is outsourced from a bakery in the North End."]
['Wow what a great service we had here on our last visit to Posto! I had to talk to the manager about the amazing service provided, too bad I forgot to write down the servers name to write it here. Every restaurant manager in Boston should eat here at least once and learn what a good service is like.\n\nThe food is really good but nothing amazing. \n\nThe one thing I would change here is the way the small pasta dishes are served, the bowl makes it really hard to eat it specially with the amount of pasta that is served.']
["My friend took me here for an awesome birthday dinner celebration. The overall experience was wonderful here. The drinks were tasty although by the time we got there they were all out of the Mango Sangria which I was excited to try. Our waitress was really sweet and the manager super friendly. He took time to chat with us and make sure we were enjoying our experience. Our waitress improvised and used a table decor candle so that I could blow it out with my cake. The tiramisu was delicious and of course we got a chuckle out of the fact that I blew out a candle table for my wish.\n\nWe ordered only a few apps and the calamari was tasty but nothing special. The goat cheese bruschetta though was OH MY GOD phenomenal. The manager wasn't joking when he said he dreamed about it at night. It was a little sweeter than anticipated but absolutely delicious nonetheless. The goat cheese wasn't overpowering like I find it to be a lot of the time and the smokiness just oozes from the plate. Would definitely recommend and can't wait until bruschetta and I meet again!"]
["When this place first opened, I was all about it. But, my last experience there wasn't all that stellar. My friend and I split the rosemary sea salt bread, which was really  over cooked and actually pretty burned. Then when my pizza came, the bottom was so burned, the pizza grease on my plate was actually black. Bleh. The bartender said she would have the kitchen make me a new one and offered me more wine while I waited. The 2nd pizza was super soggy, but I just ate it because I was so freaking hungry at that point. But, the kicker was that she charged me for the glass of wine! \nI really thought she gave me a glass on the house for my troubles. Not so much."]
["Best pizza I have ever had in Boston--beats my other faves, Sweet Tomatoes, Upper Crust etc. by a mile. Santarpio is the top in its own class ...good working class urban pizza, and I won't compare to this.\n\nBut for the thin crust gourmet style--otherwise known as authentic Italian--there is no better in this town or in most of the U.S.\n\nThe pizza is exactly like our favorite pizza joint, always packed, in Florence. Thin crust with perfect texture, savory marinara with the perfect balance of sweet and acid, high-quality cheese and meet and perfect spices. \n\nJust went for the first time last week, and can't wait to go again."]
["Holy crap, best calamari I've ever had. Good pizza. Nice ambience. So good."]
["I was fairly disappointed in my pizza here.  When I order a prosciutto pizza, I didn't expect it to have slices of cold prosciutto put on top of the pizza and not cooked in it.  The crust wasn't esp. great, the pizza needed salt, cold prosciutto, not a stellar meal.  Friend's mushroom pizza was much better. Service was good dealing with our large party but as stated below, it's loud and kind of insane in there. Some of the pastas sounded good so might try one of those in the future but in no rush to go back."]
["We checked out Posto the Friday before Christmas and had a very good experience.  The appetizers were outstanding.  I highly recommend the meatballs and olives.  The entrees were excellent, for the most part.  The pizza and pasta were delicious.  The steak burger was pretty good.\n\nWhat set the meal over the top is when our server gave us a complimentary cannoli due to the fact one of our entrees came out late.  This dessert is unbelievable and more than made up for the delay with the entree.  I insist you order if you go to Posto.  You won't regret."]
["Came here for my birthday this weekend and did not regret it! Got the Sangria Rosso to drink, which was super light and refreshing, and then I got the swordfish and my friend got the gnocchi and both were phenomenal (both of us knew that if I let him get the gnocchi there was no way I wasn't going to try it.) The Parmesan polenta under the swordfish was soooo delicious, I could have eaten a whole bowl of it but it went so well with the swordfish I wouldn't have wanted to do without. Really great dish. I tried several of the gnocchi and they were soft as little, tiny, potato pillows. I was very generous to have let my friend keep as many as he did. Overall, two great dishes and nice ambiance. Will be back again."]
['Have you ever seen an oven on wheels?!?!?! How about one that produces superb pizza? This is one kind of "Meals on Wheels" that I would not mind being delivered to me!\n\nI have never actually been to the restaurant, but I have had the joy and honor to sample some of Posto\'s delicious food courtesy of a catered event at my workplace. When my colleague told us that we would be enjoying pizza prepared in a mobile pizza oven, I thought he was joking. But Posto has this amazing "custom mobile Italian wood burning oven" that they bring to your event on a pick-up truck! I don\'t know how they drive that thing, but I do know that some unbelievable pizza emerged from it! Some of my colleagues joked that had they not already been married, that they would have loved to have this novelty at their wedding.\n\nI must have eaten at least 8 slices of pizza for dinner, no joke. Everything I tried was delicious, from the Margherita to the Sausage to the Eggplant and the Mushroom. The crust is thin and crispy and the toppings are fresh! I wish my colleague had ordered the Fig as it sounds equally delectable. There were salads and other hot side dishes such as melt-in-your-mouth grilled vegetables, but we were all too focused on the pizza . . . for dessert, cannolis of course! They were so huge that I had to cut mine in half to share with a friend.\n\nWhat impressed me the most, as a former event planner, was that the GM himself showed up at the event. [At that time, I didn\'t know he was the GM, but I recognize him from the website.] He (Edson) was friendly and served us with a smile all night long. He came around to clear our tables too and even gathered the garbage at the end of the night. I told Edson that I am an avid Yelper and that I would make sure to let everybody know about the catering aspect of their restaurant. My colleague tells me that they are just as receptive when you stop by and he is always treated well. I was so impressed with the food that I cannot wait to go into the restaurant some day myself!']
["You know how you can't get a real bagel outside of NYC?\nWell, thanks to Posto, you can get a real Neapolitan pizza outside of Naples!\n\nYou simply will not find a more authentic Neapolitan pie on this side of the Mediterranean.  \n\nI've had the 'real deal' in Italy and Posto's pizzas are every bit as good.\n\nSo good...highly recommended, be sure to make reservations... word is out, this is the best pizza in Boston/Massachusetts/USA/North America!!!"]
["Went there last Friday evening for a end of year dinner get together for a local business. Our party of eighteen was placed at the back of an elagant interior main dinning room, private room with double doors with glass and wood walls. Felt open and wrm and not like we've been put in the naughty room. \n\nWait staff was friendly, engaging and quick to tend to the room. Always refilling food, drink orders and picking up so the smaller room stayed neat and clean. Impressive!\n \nBoth the meat and rice meatballs in a red sauce were flavorful and moist. Calamari was not rubbery, although I found the breading too think for my taste. The season and romaine salads were crisp and fresh. \n\nMain course was an assortment of their brick-oven pizzas. Thin crust was complimented by a wide range of toppings. Loved the thin slices of ham, the bite of the goat cheese and the creamy cheese blends over mouth watering meat. Flavor city! Wine was flowing and the choices were outstanding. \n\nDessert was equally enticing. I will go back with my wife to experience the service and selection of this establisment."]
["Great service. Solid Sicilian food. Reasonably priced. Get a reservation if you don't like to wait!"]
["Good but not great.\n\nPosto seems to always be packed - which is a good thing for the place, since that space has seen many establishments come and go. The staff was friendly and attentive. The atmosphere is alright (though the music was really loud. Like...I-need-to-shout-to-talk -to-my-dining-partner-who-is-sitting-next-to-me-at-the-bar loud). The food was decent and the drinks looked delicious (we had beers though - fairly priced.)\n\nBut. (there's always a but, isn't there?)\n\nFor what it was, the place was pricey. Entrees run between $20-$25. Pizzas $15-$18. Don't get me wrong. I am willing to pay for eats. I have and will enjoy a nice meal every now and again, but Posto just didn't have it.  Our pizzas were slightly charred on the bottom - but soggy in the middle. The house made mozz was super delicious (as was the sausage and meatball topping our pies) - but for the price I've had better."]
["I went here for an early dinner one Friday night with a friend. We just ordered a margherita pizza, but I was extremely pleased.  The wine was tasty, and the service was great.\n\nI so badly want to go back here but always forget about this place since I live in the South End.  Somerville isn't the first place I think of to go to dinner, but I will remember one day and go!"]
["Excellent atmosphere.  Delicious cocktails.  And of course, fantastic pizza!  I'm so glad that a restaurant worth going to finally opened in this location.  We went out to dinner with a group of six, and it was a great meal.  \n\nThe short ribs that my husband had were amazing: melt in your mouth tender.  I shared a pizza and the pasta carbonnara with friends. Both were amazing and I was stuffed by the end of the meal.  But don't both with the cannoli for desert.  Leave that to the pros in the North End."]
['Very good Italian food. The meatballs are out of this world! Fun atmosphere too. And great wines as well.']
['One of the best things to happen to Davis Square in a while! To start..the staff is awesome!! From the chefs, the the bartenders..all amazing. Our server was GREAT (Julie I think).\nWe got the apple pizza, and the margarita...both amazing!! They have great beers(allagash,duvet etc..), and a nice bar area while your waiting to be seated.\nI highly recommend this place for a date,mor night out with a few friends.']
["Inviting atmosphere,impeccable service, interesting food presentation and flavors await at Posto.  \nWe were late for our reservation, but were still seated immediately when we arrived, although the Friday night crowd was beginning to settle in.\nWater and tasty breadsticks were brought to the table.  The red wine Sangria, which was served in a large glass pitcher was ambrosial, the flavors of the wine, brandy, and ginger melded together perfectly.\nThe salumi was paper thin and surrounded by marinated vegetables.  Caesar salad was light, with crunchy croutons.  \nWe came especially for the pizza, and were not disappointed.  The brick-oven imparts a slight smoky taste.  The crust was not as crisp as we like but  it didn't take away from the flavor.  The chili-pepper olive oil is extremely spicy, so watch out if you prefer mild flavors.\nWe didn't plan on having dessert until we saw some at another table. I had the tiramisu, it was fluffy and flavorful.  The apple crostini was topped with cinnamon ice cream, which was a perfect complement. The coffee was delicious, verifying why they say Lavazza is Italy's favorite.\nObviously Posto is more expensive than your local pizza place, but it's definitely worth it.\nThe general manager stopped by our table and asked how everything was.  We assured him we'll return.  I can't wait to try the fish, it looked amazing!"]
["As a double-whammy European snob and a food snob, I typically look down on the Italian places recommended by everyone in the North End that drown every dish in a thick tomato sauce. Not that they're bad. They're just not really that good, especially if you've been to Italy and had a chance to sample the real thing. \n\nPizzeria Posto originally sounded like it falls into the same category, but I've become a true convert of their cuisine. Their pizzas are thin crust and delicous, always with a bit of an innovative twist (e.g. Arugula and caramelized apples). The ingredients they use are fresh and of the highest quality. The pasta dishes are great, particularly the Ravioli/Tortelini-type pasta, which has a very nice thin dough with delicately flavored stuffing. \n\nI've become a regular at this place and wouldn't want to miss it in our neighborhood.  Also check out The Painted Burro, a new Mexican place around the corner, which really changed my perception of Mexican food!"]
['Wow. We just finished dinner at Posto and we are in a food coma. We shared the mushroom pizza and the beef gnocchi and both were out of this world. The pizza was by far the best we have ever had. To top it all off, we ordered wine and a cocktail and both far exceeded our expectations. Did I mention the service and atmosphere were great too?']
["Everything they have is delicious. The staff is super professional and attentive. They are very serious at what they do, which I like. Pizza is similar to what you would find in Italy (brick oven). Their margherita pizza was $17. Atmosphere is great for couples and friends, but since it's family friendly, it's also very loud, so it's a mixed bag. I would reserve a table in the very back, which is in a separate room."]
["It's a good thing the food is good here.\n\nLet's get the unpleasant parts out of the way first...\n1. The tables are awfully close together. Why does this matter? You'll hear everything the people at the tables near you say. Also, you'll smell their food (which will interfere with your own meal). Also, get ready to be bumped into... its as fun as it sounds.\n\n2. Our waiter on Sunday night had an awful track record for suggesting things. He immediately informed us there were no special entrees on Sunday night, but they had a special cocktail and a dessert. AWESOME. The cocktail (some sort of blackberry negroni) was utterly wretched. It had unnecessary amounts of Campari. The dessert (a bread pudding) was flavorless and uninspiring. Basically, that was $30 that we would have rather spent elsewhere. Really bad.\n\n3. The arancini. At first I thought it was great... basically fried cheesy rice balls. But then I realized it had the consistency of Elmer's Paste and I was have a Lost-style flashback to kindergarten where everyone made fun of me for having a Crayola backpack. \n\nGood things -\nThe pizza.\n\nI think there was at least a metric ton of meat on my Salumi Pizza. I've also really enjoyed the Prosciutto Pizza and the Cotto Pizzas. They're tangy and the lemon really adds a pleasant zip to the pizza.\n\nAgain, they're lucky they have good pizza. They're lucky mostly because $80+ for pizza for two is kind of not appropriate."]
["Last time I went, the vegan pizza I had so loved had been removed from the menu, and I was told by a waiter that they could not make it for me. Red sauce pizzas that have been veganized just by removing the cheese just aren't my thing, and plain pasta isn't either, so I'm going to have to give Posto a pass. \n\nYou will enjoy this place quite a bit if you are vegetarian or omnivore, but vegans may just want to stop in here for the gin gin mules."]
["We came out on New Year's Eve for an interesting night out and we definitely got one. Between the three of us who came out, we split a couple of appetizers, two pizzas and a couple of pasta dishes. The manager tossed in a free order of meatballs as well. The highlights were the carpaccio appetizer and the two pizzas we got (traditional margherita and the arugula/proscuitto). Very well cooked pizza with a decent amount of charring and flavorful crust. Both pastas were also tasty (short rib and gnocchi and a nice rich bolognese).\n\nTasteful atmosphere and definitely worth a visit for a date or a special occasion!"]
["I truly loved having dinner here with my boyfriend a few weeks ago.  The bruschetta was the best we'd had in our lives... even soon after a long summer trip to Italy.  I wish we had tried the calamari! Next time...\n\nThe Maine crab-stuffed tortellini was incredible--perfect texture, softly balanced sauce--not too creamy, not to heavy but light and airy in unison with the fluffy light texture of the crabmeat.  Divine.\n\nThe service was really impeccable.  They run a tight ship there and our waiter was kind, thoughtful, and extremely attentive.\n\nI hope that the next time we visit Posto is just as good!"]
["I consider myself a pizza connoisseur and I have to say I love this place. Been a few times and I understand the crowds. I love their pizza. Great sauce, dough, cheese and toppings. They hit on every level. I would rate this my favorite pizza place in the boston area. Their pasta can also tantalize your taste buds. The carbonara is simply spectacular. Love the tempered egg yolk on top, which you break and instill all the egg glory upon your pasta. My girlfriend who doesn't like carbonara, loved this dish. We weren't great fans of the cavatelli with lamb and ricotta. Seemed like a great winter dish but was too heavy and one note for me. I don't degrade this place for having a dish I didn't enjoy because the execution is perfect here, always. I'm excited for their new restaurant opening in waltham, as well as my fervor for hunting down their food truck. Pizza love"]
["I had the seafood tortellini and my date had a pepperoni pizza. My dish was very bland - didn't really taste like seafood at all...it was mostly dough-y. My date's pizza was so spicy that he didn't even get through half of it. \n\nThe service was pretty decent - our server was attentive and friendly but not overbearing. The prices are pretty average. I don't think I'll go back there, but if you're okay with 'just alright' food and are just looking for a good date-like atmosphere, Posto's low noise level and dimly lit atmosphere is perfect for that."]
['You know you are in a hot spot when on a Tuesday evening at 7p all of the tables, both inside and out, are full.  Also, there are some big names: the owner of another Davis restaurant hot spot, well-known realtors in town, and a girlfriend already eating there.  \n\nThe food is amazing.  The bruchetta is a meal in itself and wonderfully delicious.  I have multiple friends comment that the burger was the best they have ever had and the pizza/pastas I have gotten in the past have been fresh and tasty.  Everything I have had is delicious, including the wine and beer selections.  They seem to have a nice selection of rotating beers on tap and a nice variety of wines at differing price points.']
["Comparable quality food to Gran Gusto (nearby italian joint) but the atmosphere at Posto is so much nicer.  Love the food.  My only gripe is that they use cornmeal on the bottom of their pizza's instead of flour.  Unfortunately, I don't think cornmeal has a place on pizza.  Other than that, it's a perfect pie."]
['Sunday night after Tufts graduation and it was quite busy but two seats at the bar were perfect. We had cocktails (the bees knees was so tasty!) and 3 appetizers.  Their bruschetta is so tasty.  Prices increased since the last time we went but pretty average for a nice dinner in Davis. $70 for two martinis, bruschetta, meatballs, and shrimp with dessert. Service was friendly and wait time for food was very minimal. Their pizza is also excellent from the brick oven! Fun atmosphere!']
['Overall, the place was ok.... less than ok for the price. \n\nDecor: Cozy-modern. However, it is INSANE loud in there, and it does not help that the 2 person tables are long, placing you awkwardly far from your dining companion and making you have to yell at them to be heard. Also, they bring looong, skinny breadsticks in a wee shot glass, which are therefore unstable and are in your line of view while trying to have a conversation. Bottle of oil, also insane tall and view obstructing.\n\nFood: Eh. Offerings as expected for price point but execution not great. My husband had one of the beers, doesn\'t remember which, but it tasted like a $6 Bud Light. I had the pineapple cocktail - tasty but weak. To start, he had a Caesar salad which was not great, not bad. I had the summer salad and that was really good. Beans not overcooked, tasty, fresh cherry tomatoes, the dressing was awesome. For dinner, he had the mushroom pizza and thought it was ok. Sorry I don\'t have more details. I had the Agnolotti half portion. The pasta and filling themselves were delish but they were essentially floating in a butter soup. And not good butter soup, but so strongly buttery it made me think of popcorn "butter". And there was probably a tablespoon of salt in there. I couldn\'t eat even my half portion. Brought it home and i\'ll drain the sauce off since the pasta itself was good.\n\nService: Pleasant, although I had no idea what the server was saying due to the noise and the fact that he was standing at the other end of our awkwardly long table.']
["Since the management changed posto has been nothing but amazing. I can't delete my prior review but I can encourage you to stop in."]
["A totally satisfying medium-nice date location.  Plusses: outdoor seating, pizzas with inventive ingredients, and a thoughtful wine list.\n\nBut let's talk about olives.  When Sagra closed, I lost my favorite olives mixto in Boston.  I thought that the beauty of Sagra's olives would never be replaced.  I was wrong.  Oh so wrong.  Posto's olive plate has hints of rosemary, citrus, and a friendly-but-not-overwhelming bite of hot peppers.\n\nOne warning, though: watch your plates, glasses, and silverware for crusted-on food bits. They need a better dishwasher.  Never thought I would critique that aspect of a place."]
['I Really Really Really enjoyed my dinner here on Friday. The food was fantastic, the service was attentive and friendly, and the decor was really cool.\n\n4 stars, but a few comments...\n\nIf you are like me, you may run into a bit of a moral dilemma spending so much on such a small pizza. I\'m not really hip to the "gourmet pizza\' vibe -when paired with the word pizza, "gourmet\' = expensive, but considering the quality of pizza in the area, sometimes you just gotta do it. It was good and the rest of the menu piqued my curiosity for next time time, soooo... winner.\n\nAlso, the premier wine by the glass offering was a nice touch, but with all the Italian words and phrases in the menu, I figured I\'d see some better italian wines by the glass. Lets step it up guys.']
['I\'ve been here twice now.  I really enjoyed my food, and the overall experience each time.  The carpaccio is good, the rosemary and sea salt bread is really good, and the arugula salad I ordered was good (but nothing special).  I\'ve tasted three of their pizzas, and they\'re all extremely good!  A Margherita pizza may sound boring to you, but I think it\'s a great way to judge a restaurant\'s pizza and taste the quality of their ingredients.  It\'s a simple pizza, it doesn\'t have a bunch of different ingredients/flavors distracting your taste buds.  Their Margherita passed the test!  And so did the other two, ("Trentino" and "Honeycrisp Appple").  \n\nCasual to a bit dressy.  It probably depends on what day/night.\n\nNot crazy about their desserts though...']
["Overall the food was very good and the atmosphere is nice. I didn't like the tomato sauce on the pizza though. I would go again. If you get the polenta don't let it get cold! Then it becomes inedible"]
['Came here for a date night the Friday after Christmas. Was lucky enough to be slower because of the holiday and got seated right away. Usually that will never happen. Got a great bottle of wine with dinner. Had the tortellini. It was amazing with the butternut squash. Also had the tiramisu for dessert and it was a perfect size to share between two people. Definitely will try to go again maybe with a reservation though.']
["Came here to celebrate my friend's 30th birthday. I had the pork tenderloin and it was juicy and flavorful. It came with roasted potato slices which I didn't really like. I tried my friend's swordfish and it was so good! It had a nice grilled flavor. Another friend had a pizza with sweet corn on it and it was very good as well\n\nI will def go back and try the carbonara when they have it back on the menu."]
['Want to cut through the positive and negative reviews? Read this if pizza and arancini are your concern.\n\nAlone on a trip away from home, I decided to try Posto in spite of some of the negativism here amidst many extremely positive reviews. Some reviews had me really excited but others led me to believe that the margherita pizza would not live up to the DOC (certified) others I\'ve had in six cities around the world (Civitavecchia, Italy at a place that might be Pizzeria La Ternana; Milan, Italy at Fresco &amp; Cimmino; Griante, Italy at Pizzeria Riviera; Prague, Czech Republic at Ambiente Pizza Nuova; and believe it or not, Pittsburgh at Il Pizzaiolo). Because of my doubts, the stupendous server Jaime B. suggested I get half Margherita and half with my chosen toppings (sausage, onions, and pineapple) to hedge my bets! I also had to try the arancini appetizer. There were mixed reviews about it, but many mentions and many addicts. Jaime told me that they very recently changed the recipe. No longer is there lemon but now mushrooms.\n\nSo as to not waste your time, let\'s just say that I left with a huge smile, a left-over piece of the pizza with toppings, and an intention to return VERY soon. I\'ve found my 7th location in the world with neapolitan-style, honest-to-goodness DOC pizza! When I visit Prague for 5 days I often go to Ambiente Pizza Nuova to order that pizza 3 times (spread out over a few lunches and/or dinners). Now I\'ll go to Posto 9-10 times over my annual 6.5-weeks in Boston.\n\nAs I told Jaime, the arancini was "freaking fantastic" and the pizza was now my 7th source in the world for my DOC. By the way, I don\'t know what some others have said about how much the dough is overcooked, undercooked, etc. Are they spies for a competitor? I found it to be perfectly done with the requisite leopard spots on the bottom. After reading the reviews of self-proclaimed experts, I almost didn\'t go. I was so worried there wouldn\'t be any leopard spots, but the worry was wasted--very nearly perfect in my book. On second thought, it WAS perfect!\n\nThe three toppings on the "ok" half were unnecessary, and in fact, they took away from the San Marzano tomato sauce and home-made cheese. Jaime explained that they taught all the servers how to make the cheese in house and I found that to be impressive. Jaime also told me that they use 00 flour, which is also important for the excellent crust.\n\nOne complaint I read had to do with the softness of the crust--the people couldn\'t pick up the slice of pizza without it bending to the extent that the sauce and cheese fall off of the apex of the slice. In the 6 other places I\'ve tried, I\'ve NEVER experienced DOC-certified pizza to be any different. I\'ve always had to cut off about half of the slice at the apex, then I can pick it up when it it an arc, looking like the smile right on your face! Use your knife and fork, people! It\'s that way worldwide. (caveat: I admit I have not tried every DOC pizza in the entire world!). Tell us where it\'s better and go there. Better yet, move there and stop complaining!\n\nUPDATE: On Aug 2, I made my 4th visit to Posto in 2 weeks. I tried the meatballs (Nonna\'s meatballs) along with the Pane (Rosemary sea salt bread). Jamie B. was enthusiastic about that choice! I was shocked! These meatballs were the best I\'ve ever had, and I\'m Italian! (sorry, Mom, Nana, and Aunt Angie!!). Nice sauce, and the sprigs of baked rosemary on top of the bread along with just the right amount of olive oil were just amazing. They did it again! Ask Cody (the owner?) anything you want about the food and he will amaze you with his deep knowledge and deep love of Italian cooking. It shows; this place does get very busy! I can\'t believe I walked past this place in a huff one night, thinking it was just some gimmicky expensive place. My teaching assistant said he heard it was great, but I wanted to keep walking. The prices are reasonable for the amazing quality you get. Folks, you don\'t need to go to Italy (or the North End of Boston) for great Italian food!\n\nHOWEVER, I did try a few other pizza flavors and I really prefer the margherita pizza to anything with toppings. They put garlic and some seasonings on the non-margherita pizza, and I must be a purist. Margherita DOC forever!']
['Worst Service. Mediocre Food (doughy soggy pizza and underdone burger) which took FOREVER to prepare. People who sat down 1 min before us and 1 min after us had their food, check and left before we were served. We waited over 50 MINUTES for a burger! The waiter ignored us and even when we inquired, his only replay was, "burgers take that long."\n\nDo yourself a favor: DON\'T order a simple burger...\n\nCrowded, over-rated and overpriced. What was supposed to be a lovely date night turned out to be a wholly unsatisfying dinning experience.']
["I went back to Posto after being disenchanted with it when it first opened and I'm very happy to see that things have improved on all fronts.\n\nThe pizza is now fully delicious -- an excellent combination of crispy and chewy with great usual and eclectic toppings. The cocktail prices are down to reasonable levels, the wine and beer continue to be excellent, and they offer all pizzas for $10 on Mondays now, putting Posto squarely in my price range.\n\nBetween an improved Posto and the excellent new Flatbread location, it's a good time for pizza in Davis Square."]
["I have been here a couple times have both times I have been very impressed. First off, the food is amazing. Everything I have tasted just blows my mind. The service is also top notch. The servers are knowledgeable, give great suggestions and they are as friendly as can be. Our recent server Kelvin, suggested a few cocktails which did not disappoint and he was helpful in explaining some of the dishes on the menu and even brought us a taste of some desert wine at the end of our meal. I can not say enough about Posto other than if you haven't been you need to check it out."]
['Can I give this place a 6th star, please?\n\nThis was the 4th time I had been to Posto in the past 2 months. I live in NH and getting down to Somerville is never easy for us - but when my wife asked for me to take her there for an early Valentines day dinner...I jumped at the opportunity.\n\nAfter finding nearby street parking, we ventured inside. The crowd at 7:30 on a Friday was robust. Full bar. happy diners. Buzzing waitstaff...NICE. We were seated immediately at a table with a great view of the wood burning fire. Perfect for a cold February night. Service was spectacular and we were approached quickly for drink orders. (which were brought out so quickly I thought they had read our minds and had them ready)\n\nWe ordered the Cesar salad and the Rosemary bread. DO NOT LEAVE THIS PLACE W/O TRYING THESE TWO ITEMS!! The Cesar was fresh romaine and the most amazing house-made dressing I have ever had. The anchovies were a great surprise as most dont put them in. The bread...what can I say but, OMG!! It is a quarter of a full pizza dough ball and brushed with oil, rosemary and sprinkled liberally with sea salt. Cooked perfectly in the wood fired oven, served hot. \n\nPizzas for the main course were, of course, sublime. My wife chose the Margherita (San Marzzano tomatoes, freshly made Fiore di Latte cheese, and basil) and I selected the Prosicutto (Fiore di Latte cheese, topped with a bed of arugula and strips of prosicutto all flavored with a hint of lemon juice) I really could live here...its that good. Each pie cooked in 800 or so degrees with the famous leopard spotting only a true Neapolitan oven can provide. We were also blessed that Joe, the owner, allowed us to try his latest menu addition, a Tuscan Kale pizza (roasted kale, carmelized onions, bacon and a soft farm fresh egg) It will be on my list of go-to pies there for next time.\n\nSo, when I say to RUN, not walk but RUN to Posto, do so. You will not be disappointed. You can thank me later.']
["Really pretty restaurant and very cozy atmosphere with  candles on the tables. I guess this was the old Ben &amp; Jerry's.  We shared a pizza and a Cesar salad. The Cesar salad was delicious.  We had the prosciutto pizza with arugula. The prosciutto was delicious.  From another table I could see the pepperoni pizza had huge slices of fresh pepperoni not the kind that sits in your refrigerator for a year.  Fresh pepperoni!    It was delicious and I was full after 2 slices.  We are ready to come back again to try our favorite pepperoni."]
['We have been really impressed with this place from the start. With its modern, clean and lofty interior, well placed bar and open kitchen, it is a visual treat. (Two different channels on the flat screens above the bar did compete for my attention at times, and in a way, seem out of place here.) We usually park ourselves at the bar and engage with the congenial bartender who clearly understands beer talk. He\'s humorous and friendly but does not come on too strong. Just what we like when we sit at the bar. \n\nWater with clinking ice cubes arrives in a hefty tumbler. Incredible beer and wine selection. (Skimpy amount of wine in a small glass does not make this a bargain, by any means.) Silverware rolled into a pretty cloth napkin. Gorgeous looking menu bragging of delightful cocktails and interesting food selections. The happiness factor kicks in very early on. Can we stay here until closing? No. It\'s always a work night when we venture in. Even so, this place is totally packed by the time we leave. \n\nWe come for the pizza and I have to say that when you see "vegan pizza" on a menu at a place like this, what is not to love if you are a vegan? We are delighted to report that the vegan pizza here at Posto is the best we have had. No fake cheese slopped on top, this is just a light, tender crust covered with sweetly roasted veggies and cut into four big slices. Generous for a single meal or good to split as an appetizer. That pizza oven does its job well. The lightly charred crust is superb. This is not your frat house pizza, nor will this charming restaurant remind you of a standard pizza joint. \n\nWe have also tried the calamari, which are light and delicious. Not overwhelmed by any extra flavors, these tasty treats provide a delightful way to begin a meal but could also be your main dish. \n\nThis place is a Davis Square charmer. It\'s not a bargain- and we got a parking ticket once thanks to neglecting the meter right outside- but the food we have sampled so far has not made us complain. Thanks to my introductory evenings at Posto, I am already planning a repeat performance next week to sample a few more items off the menu, including some of those tempting cocktails- but that delicious pizza keeps calling my name.']
["I have lived a stones throw from Posto for 1 year now, and am embarrassed to say I have only now just gotten there, but the experience was great.\n\nNo offense to the City of Boston, but I've noticed that good service is pretty hard to come across. Posto was a very pleasant exception. If where your waitress' ex is from comes up in conversation, she's (either a blabbering pain in your ass or) a keeper.\n\nIn stead of the usual bread and butter, they bring out a few long thin crispy  bread sticks, which if you're more traditional and very hungry you might not be so hot on, but I personally loved and thought they were a great touch. \n\nThe calamari was pretty average, but the pizza was literally the best pizza I have ever had. Granted, we ordered your average pizza. We went with the fig pizza, and if that is you're kind of thing, it is outrageously good. While I was loving my pizza romantically, we saw tons of other apps and entrees go by that looked equally as amazing. \n\nIt was only my first time there, but I will be back!"]
['Amazing pizza, great atmosphere, and honestly one of the main reasons why Davis Square is the Greater Boston area that I call home.']
['I am so delighted that my niece attended Tufts University so I could discover Posto.  I live in Boston but did not know this treasure until a few years ago.  Ate there again last night--Artic Char prepared perfectly, beautifully presented, generous portions.  Wines by the glass are interesting and varied --found several that were delicious.\n\nReally recommend this delightful spot--need reservations unless you are going really early.']
['My wife and I had dinner here with friends over the weekend. Service was excellent and attentive,  and the food generally tastes decent, but execution still leaves much to be desired. \n\nFor example, two in our party ordered the tortellini,  which the kitchen managed to screw up and overcook to the point where they burst, resulting in them sitting there without food while the rest of us were served. While it was only a few minutes wait, it does make a huge difference in the dining experience. I ordered the tagliatelle with meat ragu and the pasta itself was so overcooked that it was just sort of soggy and lifeless in the sauce. For a restaurant that specializes in Italian cuisine,  this is a huge error as the enjoyment of biting into that nicely al dente piece of pasta is a huge part of enjoying Italian cuisine.\n\nAs I stated,  the atmosphere is nice, if a bit loud, and the wait staff very attentive,  but the kitchen staff needs a few improvements.  Also, lose the goofy breadsticks and serve some proper bread. It would have been great to have a piece of foccacia to soak up the excellent sauce on my overcooked pasta.']
['Oh Posto, \n\nThe location of the first UYE I planned - and people actually came! I was so thrilled that we were put in the back room so we could get all kinds of rowdy and only possibly annoy a few people. You could hear some of the shouting at our table from inside the bathrooms, it\'s true... But nobody complained directly to us, so that means we\'re cool, right?\n\nI ate the Tuscano ($18) and the Calabrese ($16) that night, shared with my sister (our UK elite Yelper ) and my bf - we were a bit hungry afterwards, but we struggleed through the rest of the night, because while the waitstaff is really very nice and appeasing, they are SLOW AS MOLASSES. I did not want to wait for another meal, I chose to stay hungry and continue drinking instead.\n\nContinue drinking what, you might ask - I have gone over to the dark side. I love me some gin gin mules. Holy cow. How on earth had I NEVER EVER KNOWN ABOUT THIS DRINK!??!? It has changed my life, completely. I will never be the same. I blame Melissa "Gram" M. for this. When the waitress finally would come back we would all be dying for drinks, how many freaking bartenders does this place employ? Not enough.\n\nThe space is really weird. I used to work at this location when it was a completely different store, about 8 years ago, and the storefront has never really fit anything very well - not for very long, at least. The decor is the nicest it\'s been in the past few incarnations. I hope this one will last, its better than those previous stores. The bathrooms are freakishly cold, and very large and not very well lit. \n\nIt\'s a bit too pricey for me to go here all that often, but the cocktails, OH the cocktails! They are so so so so good. I\'ll be back, and often. That I am sure of. Maybe the trick is to sit REALLY close to the bartenders, that way ensuring the prompt return of your drink order? I shall experiment, pronto at Posto.']
['The big battle for me has been between Posto and Area Four (in Kendall Square). After having visited both delicious establishments over five times each I feel confident now declaring that Posto\'s pizza wins. [insert applause machine sounds now] \n\nPosto is bombdiggity. That\'s a technical term, friends. And I don\'t use it lightly.\n1. They have a solid selection of drinks (beer, wine, cocktails, and non-alcoholic quasi-Arnold Palmer of blood orange juice and iced tea I had tonight). \n2. Their apps are divine. I\'m a huge fan of their tomato and goat cheese classic bruschetta, but they have loads of others too (e.g., lamb meatballs, other varieties of bruschetta, baby arugula salad, etc.) My only complaint is some time in the last six months or so they cut the size of many of their apps in half but did not cut the prices equally in half. So, for example, whereas in the past four pieces of goat cheese bruschetta would have cost $10 now you only get two but it costs $6. I\'ve been told by those in the know that they wanted to create a more "tapas-like" app situation, but I think the price thing is a little lame. \n3. PIZZA. Their pizza is awesome. In contrast to Area Four, I\'d say the crust here is a little fluffier and substantial. Our favorite is the arugula and prosciutto with this slightly acidic lemon-ness going on, but every single one we\'ve had has been great.  \n4. I haven\'t had the pasta (I can\'t pass up on pizza pizza pizza), but in the future I\'ll have to give it a whirl since it always looks like a small heap of heaven. \n5. Desserts. Not their strongest suit, in my opinion. Had the apple tart and while good, not great. A friend said their cannoli is really good, but I haven\'t had the pleasure quite yet. \n\nMake reservations (basically required) and give it a try!']
["Oh Posto.... What on earth have you done to your delicious menu? When my boyfriend and I were first dating, Spring 2012, Posto was one of the first restaurants he brought me to. I remember the risotto and lamb meatballs. He brought me back in January 2013 for my birthday, and the menu had been skimmed down a bit. He then again brought me back in May 2013 for our Anniversary - and the menu had been hacked even more. About all that was left was the pizza, and a few choice interesting entrees that had been added. Along with a burger - which seemed odd for Posto.\n\nWith that being said, my boyfriend and I still held our heads high in hopes that Posto would become what it once was again, after hearing they had hired a new Executive Chef.. which is why we then went to Posto for dinner for his mothers birthday, July 1, 2013.\n\nAnd boy... were we wrong. The menu has now been super scrapped. It's now only one-page; leaving a lot to be desired. The service was horrible that night - they brought our appetizers the same time as the entrees were brought out. Bread came out without the spicy oil. We were given two orders of an app that we ordered one of, which we were then charged for both after sending one back. I had the asparagus pesto, which I had to add salt and pepper to, and my boyfriends mother had the Pork chops - which were thin (previous visit they had been SUPER thick!) and again, bland. \n\nIt *REALLY* breaks our hearts. Posto was a place where we enjoyed going to celebrate momentous occasions. We were told there is a new executive chef who has re-done the menu, and honestly, I'm not sure what he is trying to do to this place. It was perfect before... I'm sad that we have to find another place to celebrate. It was great to have this great place so local to our apartment. We give up. :("]
["In the course of two very different visits, this place has morphed into my favorite restaurant in Davis Square.\n\nOn my visits the service had been good, if not quite great.  It's nice that there's a semi-private back room area, which is ideal for larger groups. I've also been at a table in the middle of the main dining area, on a date, and it still felt private and intimate. Maybe it's the lighting? My only wish is that the bar area was a little bigger, and not so close to the main entry.  \n\nThe food is consistently excellent. I have so much love in my heart for 'fancy' pizza; and I haven't been let down by any of those that I've sampled here. I do think that they may fall *just* shy of the awesomeness of Cambridge 1, my first fancy pizza love, but that may be more of an ingredient preference than anything about actual quality. But my goodness, the risotto. Just order it. Go now.\n\nTheir cocktail menu is interesting without being to 'specialized' and the drinks are the perfectly mixed to be strong and delicious. I don't know whether credit should go to the bartenders or to Melissa M for my newfound conversion to the gin gin mule; therefore I'm going to split it equally.\n\n I'm not a huge fan of leftovers and I always feel guilty leaving food on my plate.  One of my favorite things about this place is portion size. No, I'm not talking monster portions that get awkwardly bagged up, taken home, and then forgotten about for days in your refrigerator. Just the opposite actually, in that I can actually finish my entire meal here. Which means I can actually order appetizers. And dessert. And eat the wonderfully hot and aromatic sea salt bread they bring to the table. And I can drink more gin gin mules. As can everyone else, our table had twenty-one of them last nite in total."]
['Went out last night with 3 girlfriends, one of whom had been raving about her experiences at Posto for quite some time! So, I was quite excited to be there. \n\nWhen I arrived, 2 girlfriends already had drinks (they got them at the bar while they were waiting) and the 3rd had already ordered her drink but it hadn\'t shown up yet.  We waited about 3 more minutes for the waitress to come over again to take my order (but my friend still didnt have her drink).  She seemed to take her time getting our drinks; I can forgive it though, she seemed busy and plus they decided to drop off some free calamari anyway (=hence the 2 stars instead of 1).  \n\nApps were great; bruschetta and rosemary flat bread (and the calamari).  All delicious.  \n\nWaitress seemed to have been struggling but the managers were helping deliver food/open wine.  \n\nWe ordered 2 pizzas to split between the 4 of us.  And then, I FOUND A HAIR.  Well, I didn\'t think much of it, hoping/rationalizing that it must have been my hair.  Not 20 seconds later my friend said she found one too.  Still, we thought, must just be our hair falling out all over the place.  Then, she BIT INTO A THIRD HAIR AND HAD TO PULL IT OUT OF HER MOUTH.  \n\nSo we of course grabbed the waitress to tell her.  She didn\'t even really react and just took it away. What was shocking about that was that she didn\'t ask "do you want anything else?" "do you want another pizza?"  Nothing, barely even an apology!!\n\nAt this point we are pretty shocked we haven\'t heard from a manager. \n\nSo, I think to redeem the situation, the waitress dropped off a free piece of chocolate cake.  Yummy!  For two bites.  Until we found, yes, you guessed it, A FOURTH HAIR in the whipped cream.  \n\nAgain, the waitress just kind of took it away...and STILL NO MANAGER. \n\nSo we start realizing that this place is just not up to code by any means.  The waitress\' hair was down, past her shoulders, and the manager\'s hair, while back in a pony, had bangs and other random pieces of hair hanging out all over the place.  I\'ve worked in restaurants for 13 years.  I\'m no expert, but one thing I do know is that your hair has to be back at all times!!  Now, I don\'t necessarily think our waitress or the manager were dropping their hairs in our food, but it\'s pretty clear that the place has minimal hair standards all around. \n\nWhen the manager came over just by chance to fill our water, I asked her if she was aware of the FOUR HAIRS and she said yes they told the kitchen.  Why was there no manager presence the entire time to come over and say "we are so sorry"??? \n\nTotal disappointment because the atmosphere and food seemed great but I will NEVER go back.']
['I\'ve been here twice, and had two very different experiences:\n\nFirst time, had a reservation on a Saturday night.  They ended up seating us after waiting in the restaurant for a full hour after we first arrived, and 40 minutes after the reservation time. They originally told us it would be "a few minutes", and the experience was made worse by the servers telling us to move every 30 seconds because their waiting area was completely jam-packed.  I understand it\'s busy, but this place does not know how to follow table seating protocol. If they tell you it will be a 5 min wait, you might as well leave and make a pizza from scratch yourself.  No apology either from anyone at the restaurant.\n\nSecond time, had a reservation on a Sunday night, and was seated right away since the restaurant was half-empty.  Great service and no complaints.\n\nOverall, the pizza is very good quality, but it is not a good value by any means.  $30/person for a pizza dinner should only be your choice if it is your absolutely favorite pizza around, and for me this isn\'t.']
["For the number of times I've been to Posto and loved every minute of it - I can't believe I haven't reviewed it yet. I'm surprised by some of the 3 and 4 star ratings - maybe I'm just easy to please. I love Posto. Hands down - my absolute favorite spot in Boston right now. I live 5-mins away, but that is beside the point.\n\nWhy it's a stellar spot:\n-Chili infused olive oil (which I would bathe in if given the opportunity).\n-Crab tortellini, to die for.\n-Octopus-something appetizer - easily the best tasting thing I've ever put into my mouth.\n-Pizza is awesome...thin crust, amazing ingredients, tasty cheeses, varying options.\n-Service has always been top notch for me (and I'm not fancy gal).\n-Wine selection is pretty great, with various size options too.\n-Atmosphere is pretty hip and fun. Great music every time I've been in.\n\nSimple. 5 stars."]
['LOVED this pizza. It\'s the only restaurant in the area that\'s "certified Neapolitan style" by whatever Italian authority is responsible for such things, and their amazing, chewy-crispy, perfectly charred crust is definitely a testament to that.\n\nWe started with the carpaccio (covered in a truffle cream sauce that really complemented the subtle flavor of the beef) and rosemary and sea salt bread (like the lovechild of a delicious rosemary bread stick and good, crusty french bread), then split the Margherita pizza as an entree. I\'m not normally a huge fan of Margherita pizza as it has a tenancy to be under-salted and bland, but Posto\'s, although only topped with house-made mozzarella, tomato sauce, and basil, was filling, flavorful, and just plain awesome. The pizzas are about a foot in diameter and the crust\'s got some volume to it, so one + apps was the perfect amount for the two of us. If you\'re really hungry, though, I\'d definitely recommend getting two. \n\nWe were planning on skipping desert, but our server brought over some cannolis as an after dinner treat. Although not competition for Mike\'s or Modern Pastry, the cannolis were sweet, creamy, a little crunchy, and free, so we couldn\'t complain. This last sugary bite was a welcome gesture, but we loved Posto and would have gone back even if they didn\'t ply us with treats :)']
['In a perfect culinary world, everything on the menu at Posto would have about 2-5+ dollars knocked off the price. If the prices at Posto were just slightly lower, I would be slightly more pleased with the decent food served by good waiters in this trendy location. However, as it stands, the tasty yet simple food delivered to your table does not match the fine dining bill dropped on your table at the end of the night.\n\nThere are some truly delicious appetizers (loved the friend green tomatoes last summer, the brushetta is tasty as are the beets) at Posto, and the cocktails are quite nice -- not amazing but worth the sips. My favorite item on the menu is the canolli, and the housemade "gelato" is truly delicious. The bulk of the menu nevertheless is salad, pizza and pasta -- intriguing takes on salad, pizza, and pasta but still salad, pizza, and pasta. Therine lies the problem with Posto. When you come down to it -- no matter the stylish look and mannerisms of the servers (whom I\'ve never had a problem with), the lively night-out atmosphere, the use of trendy ingredients, the write-ups in magazines or any other signifier of "you should be impressed to eat here"-- the restaurant still is a pizza joint, an upscale-modern pizza joint but you are still being served pizza and pasta dishes that you could most likely make yourself with a trip to a well-sourced grocery store and a little more effort in the kitchen. \n\nThus, because the food is tasty, decent, generally good with some misses well-documented here and personally experienced by me (like the $5 margarita masquerading as a deconstructed blah-blah-blah Agave Russo cocktail or the overdressed arugula salad or the flour-y pastry dough) but not AH-Mazing and beyond your expectations, you walk away from the joint feeling slightly pick-pocketed.']
['Great spot.  Casual cozy.  Nice vibe.  Gnocchi with pork shoulder first-rate.  Great pizza.  Good wine list.  Excellent spot for a casual dinner.']
['This review is specific to the "Feast of the Seven Fishes" special menu they for Christmas Eve (last night).  I booked a reservation on a whim (usually my partner is the big fish fan), and am I glad I did!\n\nA few minor snags in service (they had some of their regular menu items available as well, which I think made coordination a little challenging), but the staff were attentive and apologetic - they didn\'t just disappear and leave us stewing - and made up for it by refilling our wine glasses, which I appreciated.\n\nThe meal started with a little app trio (oyster, fried olives stuffed with anchovy, fresh sardine on toast), which was followed by monkfish poached in olive oil, mussels and clams in parm. crema over homemade pasta, stuffed calamari, then finally red snapper and a nutella cake for desert.  I thought the snapper was a bit dry, but everything else was very well prepared and really tasty - I think the monk fish and the mussels and clams were my favorites - it probably didn\'t hurt that our waiter brought us some extra bread to soak up the crema (Posto has awesome bread).\n\nVery well done, and I hope they do it again next year!']
["My partner and I came here a couple of months ago as we've driven/walked past it a few times and have been meaning to try it. I'm glad we have tried it! \n\nYou will DEFINITELY want to make reservations if you are going here on a weekend night. It will be very busy and packed. \n\nWe sat down, and were greeted with a very friendly waitress who asked if we had been there before-- we said no, and she took the time to walk through the menu with us and, since it was the weekend make some drink suggestions.  The drink list is very fun, and I really suggest trying a few... \n\nOur apps were simple, yet very well executed-- stuffed meatballs and arancini. The meatballs were perfectly made, not too bready and the bit of cheese in the center was a great touch. The arancini was pretty much what you would expect; delicious none the less, but not overly exciting.\n\nWe also shared their 'special' rosemary and sea salt bread... it was very good and the oil they have to dip it in is great. A tad overpriced for what it is; but delicious. I think its probably only good because it comes out hot. Delicious yes, but not worth the money they charged for it. \n\nI had the shortrib gnocci was decadent and great! I could barely get through half of it, and brought the balance home--- man did I have an AWESOME lunch the day after. \n\nThe dessert menu was very tempting; however with so much food already we were full and retired with just a coffee and the check. \n\nIt is a great little restaurant--- we'll be heading there in a few weeks to do a larger group (13 people) to celebrate my birthday. (Pre dinner drinks and dinner). Hopefully they can handle a group this large, and have space that won't be difficult to occupy that many people with.  Ill create a follow up to my review then. \n\nOverall:\nFood - 4/5: really well done, and has a good 'comfort' feel to it\nAmbiance - 4/5 - casual, comfortable, not pretentious perfect for this area of Cambridge\nService- 5/5 our waitress was attentive and really took the time to make sure we were making good choices\nDrinks - 5/5 creative menu, really enjoyable."]
["Posto. \n\nIm a fan of staying local to eat. Why travel to another part of the city when this charming restaurant is right here. Every time I go to Posto I am greeted by friendly people at the door. They know my name which I love. Even the manager stops by for a handshake and a quick chat. I have even been surprised with little extras like a special bite that the kitchen sends out to me. That is a touch of it feeling more personal. I love it. The staff always smiles and says hello and some of them even come over and have a chat. \n\nThe inside is big without the feeling of overcrowding and its slightly dark or maybe industrial feeling. The bar is big enough to host like 15 people or so and feels really cozy. Summer or winter. \n\nNot one single time have I had a bad meal here and I would say Ive been 30  50 times in the few years they have been there. The aromas as you walk in really get your tummy going. Ive tried most things and always like it. The Pizza is really nice but honestly the rest of the menu is even better. They always have a great fish or seafood stew. There apps are great and tasty. I personally would love a few more healthy options of proteins. Salads are perfect size and not overdone, or drenched in dressing. \n\nThe 2 TV's. So the 2 tv's are kinda funny, one is always sports and one is always a Guy Fieri show. I like it because you get to watch him eating decadent food while you nosh. Plus a game is always good when you are eating. Posto is always very clean and I love the open kitchen idea. The folks behind the scene are not hidden but even better are on display, and they clearly are great at what they do. \n\nThe menu changes seasonally, not huge changes but more like a few things that make it feel fresh. Its my favorite place to go and bring friends, or go and grab a bite at the bar. As long as Posto is there and staying fresh and fun, I will be there too.\n\nD"]
["I've been living in Davis since before Posto opened, yet I just went for the first time two days ago. Every other time I've tried to go it's been positively packed.\n\nThe pizza was delicious - we got one with figs on it which was an excellent touch, and another with delicious meat and caramelized onions. I would say Posto uses more gourmet ingredients than I'm accustomed to having on pizza, and it's quite lovely. Also, lots of arugula in the dishes which I happen to love.\n\nBonus points for the little carafe of wine so we didn't have to get a whole bottle and for the homemade pepper oil, although we didn't really have anything to put it on.  \n\nThe only downside was the waiter wasn't terrible attentive - but with very little things (like leaving the cheese on the side) so it didn't detract from the experience."]
["Came here after work with my fiance after heading all the advice from the yelpers!\n\nIt's kind of crazy and I'm a little embarrassed to say it, but we ended up liking the appetizers much more than the pizza itself. We got the lemon arancini and the meatballs for apps. Both were delicious, especially when paired with a nice cold glass of Peroni.\n\nAs far as the pizza is concerned, we got the margherita, but we genuinely felt like the black, burned crust from the oven overpowered the pizza's goodness. A couple bites in, and that's all we could taste which was kind of disheartening. We kindly and implicitly asked the waitress if that was what the pizza was supposed to look/taste like and she said yes. So, maybe it's just us...but, we'd pass on the burnt pizza and load up on apps and drinks!"]
['Nice addition to Davis Square area especially since the last few restaurants in this location never succeeded. \n\nPosto has a very casual atmosphere (reminded me Sorrento in the Fenway which is closed now). The food is very good for the price point and has a nice variety for a small place. Has a decent bar and wine list. \n\nAlthough the main focus is Pizza all the Appetizers, pastas and entrees are all good.\n\nGreat for friends and a group. Not a intimate space but good for a second dinner date. Parking is fairly good on the street.']
["The service here is excellent, but the food here brought it down to 2 stars.\n\nI love wood-fired pizza, but this experience fell way short of my expectations.  The best part of pizza made in these types of ovens is the slightly burnt, crispy crust.  All three of our pizzas (fig, sausage, and eggplant) were soggy and one of the three actually had a slightly burnt crust...the other were just burnt.\n\nThe pastas weren't much better.  We had the half portion and it came to us in this tiny ramekin dish that measured no more than 5 inches in diameter -- it was hard to eat it neatly.  The Classic Bolognese had some herb in it that made it taste funky.  The friend who ordered it ate 1/3 of it and didn't even want to take it home.  The Chicken Confit pasta wasn't much better.  It was really salty and there there wasn't much else in terms of flavor.\n\nWhen you add in the mussels appetizer (which was decent) and a drink or two for 5 people...with tax and tip it came out to be about $200.  For that price, I would expect much better quaitly of food."]
['We love the location (Somerville!), the pizza actually would be a 5-star BUT they just cannot bake it long enough - guys, 3 minutes more, and it would be a perfectly crispy italian-stylish pizza. You can do it! So why only 3 starts then? Because it is just so terribly loud in there.']
["Oh Posto, sometimes you just hit my hipster foodie spot.\n\nI went here first with a friend back in the winter, and have been back a couple times since.  I try to wait on establishments like this before I pass some judgement.  I suppose it's time.\n\nBottom line: A great place to go to grab some delicious, and in some cases fairly interesting, food.  Prices are a little high, which definitely holds me back from visiting more often.\n\nThis place is generally quite busy, so I always make a reservation through OpenTable.  I've only ever been for dinner, though they do Brunch on Sunday now and Lunch.  What's great is its located far enough outside of Davis that you wouldn't really run across it unless you meant to.  Thank god cause it's slammed as it is.\n\nYou can't go wrong with some of their different flatbreads.  Go outside of your general sausage pie and be a little adventurous.  Posto won't disappoint.  They also serve some really good wines, but be prepared to dish out for those.  Their bruschetta was a perfect starter, the Arugula salad left some things to be desired.  The pies came out pretty quickly once we got our order in, though I will admit that generally takes a while to occur (the wait staff gives you 0 time and then LOTS of time to mull over the menu, so either you know right away what you want, or be prepared to wait another 15 minutes).\n\nA bit loud to be extremely intimate for dates, but for a first date, it gives a good amount of background noise to cover up all those awkward silences.  Haahahaha..."]
["Maya, meet your plate.\n\nPlate, meet Maya's face.\n\nThat's pretty much how every meal I've had at Posto has gone. The food is consistently fresh and delicious - you can tell that they actually care about balancing flavors along with being creative.\n\nI have yet to be disappointed by the wine (very reasonably priced!) and I'm pretty sure I've found a new love in their blood orange martini so that's all good. \n\nI'll also note that the last time I was there our app took a while to come out, and when it did, they brought us their freshly baked rosemary sea salt bread as an apology - kudos! Go there, try it, love it."]
['I went here not too long ago with my girlfriend after a long day, and I was glad that I did. Posto smelled like a winner even from Porter Square. I had a great time, the wait staff was attentive, and we got seated immediately after we walked in. They had the doors facing the street open, it had a good atmosphere. We had a small pizza from them along with the bread and the chili-infused oil as mentioned, and it was great.\n\nIf your in town and looking for a great all around restaurant, stop in to Posto.']
['I\'ve been twice now.  After hearing people talk about it, and seeing the reviews I thought I should give them a second chance.  Unfortunately both visits were "forgettable".  The food and experience aren\'t bad but for the prices I would expect more of both.  $140 + tip for two people is a lot and I expect to receive a great meal at those prices, but sadly didn\'t on either of my visits.  Too bad, because I do love a great Italian meal.  Small potions, and less than attentive bartenders = I will spend my money else where.']
["Excellent food. Bruschetta was untraditional but incredible. Friendly service with good recommendations. Loved the feel of the restaurant - a modern take on traditional Italian. I'll be back to try more of the menu!"]
["I'm going t break routine and skip right to desert here, because its entirely necessary. The tiramisu at Posto is my new favorite in the city of Boston. Yes, that includes the north end. The reason it is so good is that it really sticks to what the desert should be, when most restaurants cut corners. Mascapone, espresso soaked ladyfingers, a little bit of cream and eggs all topped with shaved chocolate (better than cocoa powder in my opinion). Delicious!\n\nAlso worth mentioning is the meatballs. I 99.9% hate meatballs at restaurants and have sworn off of ordering them at restaurants altogether. That is until I saw the Phantom Gourmet rave about Posto. I had to give it a try once more, and I was not disappointed at all.  Good for sharing or even as an entree, these are better than mom used to make."]
["Delicious pizza, it's true, but really you should go here for the cocktails. I mean really. Amazing. \n\nThe service was slow, but both friendly and competent. They've done a really good job of using what is basically an awkward space and decorated it in a lovely neutral style. \n\nMy quibble here was the TVs above the bar. Why does a nice place like this need to be showing football and hockey at the same time? This is clearly not a sports bar, so why show sports?"]
["So, we finally checked this place out after so many months driving by and remarking upon how we needed to do so. Known for the pizza, and of course we opted for pasta, because we're idiots. Extremely rich and excellent dishes, deceptively decent portions. They also have locally made Slumbrew on tap! Highly recommended. Overall, a pleasant atmosphere, can get very busy though so prepare to have to wait. I will say they served the absolute smallest cup of espresso I've ever seen in my life, (and yes, I'm well aware of the typically diminutive size of a normal serving of said beverage.) \n\nMust go back for the pizza, and the Slumbrew."]
["You may have to pinch yourself a few times to remember you're still in Davis. This swanky Italian restaurant is definitely out of place, but gives you a preview of what may be in store for the neighborhood.\n\nBeen here quite a few times and never have left disappointed with the food. But the same can't always be said of the service, which is at times quite slow. If you make it over here, grab a pizza because it is dy-no-mite. Usually go for the with anything with arugula on it and eat in .5 seconds."]
["Good food and nice atmosphere.  Perfect place for drinks or a dinner date.  It's always crowded, so definitely make reservations."]
['Amazing place! beautiful and elegant, service was great and margerita pizza was really good!!!']
['Davis Sq. on the (whichever) Red Line!\n\nWent here for brunch on a whim looking for some pizza, and just picked it because it was within walking distance of my place. Was skeptical at first because the menu is relatively limited.\n\nMan was I wrong / amazingly surprised. I had the Mushroom Frittata, and it was quite honestly one of the best breakfast egg dishes I\'ve ever had. The garlic was perfectly infused with the mushrooms, and cheese; coupled with a perfectly browned light and fluffy frittata made it a solid 10. If that wasn\'t enough, the home fries were spectacular with the caramelized onions (could be construed as a little salty if anything, but that would be just sippin haterade). Even the small bit of greens on the side had an awesome dressing all over it.\n\nThe friends I went with *actually* had pizza: the margherita doc, bacon and egg, and the primavera (vegan, though she added cheese). They had varying good opinions that I\'ll sum up by saying they were "impressed but not amazed."\n\nVery curious to go back for dinner.\n\nA++.']
['Posto is fantastic. The food and atmosphere are both exceptional, and the prices are relatively reasonable. It is a casual, but upscale atmosphere, with the brick oven visible for almost the entire dining room\n\nThe waiter helped us pick wine by the glass that was quite good and not overly expensive. The Soppressata Pizza rivals that found in Calabria. It had flavorful, spicy meat, and a nice proportion of hot peppers, arugula and their "fior di latte" cheese. My companions were all pleased with their pizza and pasta dishes. We went on a Tuesday night with no reservation and got a table in about 15 minutes. I would suggest a reservation if you go on a busier night. Overall, Posto has terrific, fresh italian fare and a good selection of drinks, including locally brewed beer.\n\nDefinitely check it out for any occasion.']
["I have slightly mixed feelings about Posto.\n\nFirst the food: I've never tried the pizza but everything else is amazingly flavorful. Standouts include the Colorado lamb pasta -- which has toothsome pasta mixed with an amazingly balanced and not overly rich braised lamb sauce. Also stellar are the bowl of mussels with spicy pomodoro and the Mediterranean Fish Stew with it's yummy side of sea salt &amp; rosemary bread. One thing I also love is that because the portions are so large, an appetizer or two plus an entree is more then enough for two people.\n\nThe only dish I didn't love was the polenta e fungi. Though full of delicious, chewy mushrooms, it's so too rich for it's large size. What was odd was that our server said it wasn't very butter/cheese heavy -- when in reality it felt like it had a pound of both.\n\nWhich brings me to: The service. After trying it a couple times, I don't think we'll sit at a table anymore.  The servers are few and far between, can't seem to ever describe a dish or wine and just seem to disappear for 30 minutes. That said, definitely sit at the bar. The bar manager/sommelier is very knowledgeable and personable. And the general manager is a star - once I mentioned I wish i could try the mozerella without having to order a pizza and he brought me a small container to take home and try. \n\nSo Posto, while it can be slow moving and lacking enough (or well trained enough wait staff), is still a regular spot in my book. If you don't mind a bar seat, it's worth it to have this stellar food!"]
["What do you do when you can't decide between the gnocchi and the risotti?! Order a half size of each of course!\n\nI love when restaurants offer 1/2 sizes of their entrees because not only does it suit well for those with smaller appetites, it also works out  nicely when you're an indecisive eater... and I'm glad I ordered both.\n\nThe gnocchi with meat was quite good, and hearty, and the risotto with squash and pumpkin was sweet and savory. It was almost as if I had a sweet 'n salty combo going on... which, I don't know about you... but that was pretty awesome.\n\nThe pizzas looked well prepared and one per person left everyone satisfied, and a bit stuffed. This is a bit far from home, but I'm looking forward to going back again.\n\nAlso, I probably shouldn't even tell you this, but they've got a few spots in a private lot for diners so if they're available... enjoy!"]
['Posto twice in one week! \n\nSaturday, I joined a few of my favorite Yelpers for a lovely UYE. Sadly, I wasn\'t very hungry - but I did enjoy a nice arugula salad with endive, gorgonzola, honey and a delicious thyme vinaigrette dressing. YUM. I was also excited to find Posto serves Magic Hat #9 and showed my enthusiasm by making quick work of 4 or 5 while chatting with my new and old friends. \n\nTuesday, I thought I would surprise my future husband (read: flavor of the week) with an introduction to lunch at Redbones. Everybody wins! Right? WRONG.\n\nJ: "Oh, I had barbeque for breakfast."\nL: "You\'re kidding me."\nJ: "Unfortunately not."\nL: "What a fatty."\nJ: "You love it."\nL: "Now what??!!?"\n\nPanic. Panic. Panic. POSTO!\n\nRound two was just as tasty as round one. I once again went with the arugula salad -- which, I had so quickly forgotten, got all over my face the first time thanks to long-stemmed arugula leaves. I once again wound up with stems hanging out of my mouth and, subsequently, dressing all over my face. SEXIEST.\n\nFor the main course, I had the Roast Chicken pizza with basil pesto and Vermont goat cheese - hold the pine nuts, thx. I can\'t remember what the boy ordered.  Something not-so-appetizing to me that he was borderline obscenely into. Whatever, pizza, he\'s coming home with me.\n\nI\'m sure I\'ll be back again for the pizzas and the beers and the chic environment. Next time, I might even make Posto my first-choice, intended destination.']
["I was very excited to try Posto since it is right next to where I work. Last night I did just that. I thought the service was nice casual enough that you felt comfortable but not forgetful. The food was good but not GREAT. The highlight to the meal BY FAR was the Beet Salad. Oh my god it was good. Every bite was great. I would go back for just that. I reminded me of something you would get a small bistro in Stowe, VT with fresh goat cheese. It wasn't overall dressed or seasoned. \n\nThe short rib gnocchi was VERY bland and disappointing. It had no flavor what so ever. The gnocchi had a nice pillowly mouth feel but again lacking in taste. It was sad. \n\nWe had three pizzas, the kale with farm fresh egg, the one with the honey crisp apple and one with salami on top. I thought that all were too doughy and was expecting it to be slightly thinner. The salami pizza had great flavor as well as the apple crisp. The kale (which was my pick) wasn't as good as I thought it would be. (I am in my mind comparing this to the pizza I had at Coppa with the farm fresh egg which was WAY better)\n\nSo all in all I would go back again to get the beet salad and maybe try another type of pizza or maybe a full entree. It is totally worth a second time around. \n\nWord to the wise though PLUG YOUR METERS AND WATCH THEM!!!!! Mine ran out at 6:30 and at 6:31 I got a ticket. :( $30 in Somerville. They will get you fast!!!"]
["My fiance and I just left Posto after having the most delicious meal!  I had read a few bad reviews of this place, but everything we experienced was just the opposite.  \n\nThe host was super nice and friendly, chatted with us for a minute rather than just sitting us down and walking away.    The waitress was also really very friendly and pleasant. \n\nFirst we ordered salads. I got Caesar with the (really yummy lemony) dressing on the side (it had great tiny croutons... I usually hate croutons).  He had the Baby Arugula Salad. Both were pretty basic but delish. \n\nWe decided to be slightly more adventurous than our usual cheese pizza, so we got the Campania pizza (Brie, fior di latte, rosemary ham, rosemary roasted apples, vincotto, arugula) and it was so delicious (and a little smaller than we expected... they are intended for individuals) that three bites in, my fiance ordered a second one!  We didn't quite finish the second one, but we came close!\n\nNo dessert, too full! I'm sure it's also fabulous!\n\nThe place is also really cute... fun yet sophisticated atmosphere, but not pretentious at all. \n\nHighly recommended!  Enjoy!"]
["I've wanted to try Posto since I got a Thrillist notice about it when it first opened, and have managed to not try it until now. Posto: I apologize for that. You are good; you're really, really good.\n\nWe had a reservation for 4 on a lovely warm early summer evening. We considered asking for a table outside, and I'm sure it would have been nice, but we stayed inside and got to enjoy the lovely interior.  There are a lot of hard surfaces -- the acoustics are on the loud side, but it's not unpleasant -- and there's a very sleek/rustic thing going on. The bar looks very cool, and if it's just 2 of us next time, maybe we'll sit and order food at the bar... or linger outside under an umbrella.\n\nAs for the food? Borderline decadent, and not what you expect in Davis Square.  Everything was really good, although we didn't try any of the pizzas, and that's what we were initially most excited to get.  Try anything on the menu as it's all worthwhile, but no matter what, order the rosemary &amp; sea salt bread for the table.  Very attentive, fast service -- the host, our server, and a number of bussers.\n\nNice wine list and a selection of beers, but what you really want -- and let's be serious for a moment -- is a cucumber gimlet, and you might want two, because it's already a hot day and that chili-infused olive oil is even warmer. I'm just looking out for you."]
["We've lived in Somerville a long time and this is our show off place to take all guests when they come to town! A recently modified menu kept all the old favorites, but simplified everything! Must have: Sea salt &amp; Rosemary bread, the ragu pasta, the meatballs and the local Slumbrew beer!"]
['Found this place on accident and glad i did!\n\nThe rosemary bread with their house chlii oil is addicting! The chili oil is also good to sop up with crust from their delicious pizza!\n\nArgula, fig, and proscitto pizza is my #1 but the sopreseta is also good! Have tried a variety of pizza here, always tasty!\n\nAlso have tried their pasta dishes- good but small portions for the price!\n\nOne thing i dont like about this place is that its always sooo loud and I always feel like i am sitting on top of the table next to me!']
["What a GREAT addition to Davis Sq, there were too few options for higher-end dining. I've been a few times &amp; really liked it. My most recent visit we grabbed seats at the bar, had a few glasses of wine &amp; appetizers. My friend is a vegetarian, so options were limited, but all the food was GREAT!! Their bruschetta was awesome &amp; hearty (4 big pieces), we had the  rice balls, but the highlight has to be the  Polenta Fungi (herb &amp; parmesan polenta, mushrooms, poached egg) spread on the rosemary sea-salt bread. PLUS - our bartender was great, he remembered our names, was super-attentive, &amp; just an all-around good guy. I'll be back - SOON!!\n\n~~~~~~~~~~~~\n\nUPDATE: they took my favorite creamy parmesan  mushroom polenta off the menu -- soooo sad!"]
['Delicious pizza and friendly staff. Rest of the menu is very good as well and cannoli is one of, if not the best I have ever had. Very good overall dining experience.']
['YUM.  I\'ve been here twice now. Once with two friends at the bar for drinks/snacks and once with a group of 13 for a birthday celebration.  I really enjoyed it on both occasions.\n\nI often travel in a pack and I have to highlight positive group experiences, because not all restaurants do groups well.  It\'s either hard to get reservations, the set up is terrible or the service suffers mightily.  Posto passes all these tests.  \n(1) I made reservations for 8 on a Wednesday night, thinking that people would have conflicts. But everyone was game, so I had to call and change it to 13.  I thought they were going to give me a hard time or that it would be a problem -- they didn\'t and it wasn\'t.  So easy.  Love that.  Whoever answered the phone was really nice.\n(2) It is loud (even on a relatively quiet Wednesday) and the tables they put together for us got a bit cramped, but we\'re all like family, so it was ok.  Be aware that you may be elbowing each other in a big group.   \n(3) Service (as is typical with a large group) got a little slow.  But overall, they handled the crowd well and even gave the birthday girl a cannoli (and cut/served the cake we brought -- for a fee).   \n(4) The server gamely accepted the dreaded "Here\'s 6 debit cards and a list of names/amounts scribbled on the back of the receipt" deal.    \n(5) We all split a bunch of apps, pizzas and pastas.  Two guys ordered burgers and we each had a couple of drinks (I\'d say 2 - 3 each on average) and split the bill 12 ways.  It was $55/each (including a 20% gratuity).  That\'s not too bad, I\'d say.\n\nOh, wait. You want to know how things taste?! (I believe their menu changes.)\n(1) Delicious pizza is in the eye of the beholder, for sure.  If you don\'t like doughy, soft-crust pizza, you\'re not going to like Posto\'s pizza (BUT you should still try the pasta and the drinks).  The carb-monster in me looooves doughy pizza, so I\'m a fan.  I\'ve had the squash (! YUM!), an apple/gorgonzola/arugala concoction, and eggplant (with the eggplant removed, as I hate eggplant -- but hey.  I was hungry and it was there.).  All delicious.  \n(2) Their apps are more like small plates.  Eat these: Lemon arancini, rosemary sea salt bread (kind of, not exactly, naan-like -- Italian + Indian, FTW!), Nonna\'s meatballs (like all good grandmothers, Nonna knew her meatballs...)\n(3) Haven\'t had their burger, but I stole my friend\'s fries.  Crispy and salty. \n(4) Tried a friend\'s classic bolognese: flavorful, meaty sauce and the pasta has a nice consistency.  It\'s fresh.  \n(5) Pumpkin-infused sangria.  Yes, I know.  It\'s fall. Pumpkin is added to everything because it\'s trendy... But this was delicious (definitely sweet).']
["Great service and beverage selection.  Maybe I had higher expectations for the food, but I didn't loooovvvee it. I will go back and give it another try."]
["My wife and I swung by here late last night and were surprised by how great it was! I had the colorado lamb pasta dish preceded by a baby arugula salad. I was struck by how tasty the salad was and the pasta dish was just right (I recommend getting the 1/2 dish for something like this, as it's a very heavy meal).\n\nInterestingly, my wife's reaction was exactly the same - she was surprised by how good her caesar salad was and her pasta dish (the maine crab, I think) was great!\n\nOur server was very nice and it was, overall, a great experience. Minus one star for a mediocre martini and a not-as-cozy-as-the-menu-deserves atmosphere."]
['Great Italian food in Somerville. Great pizza and roasted chicken was great. Not big on drinks . Service was friendly and attentive']
["Wood-fired thin crust pizza with homemade mozzarella, Sicilian olives, toasted pignolis, arugula, and a drizzle of chile oil...I would make out with this pizza.  \n\nI've read the other reviews of Posto.  I had no idea that this place had been occupied by so many other restaurants, and I had no idea that Posto was new.  I don't really do Somerville, so this was all news to me.  I walked in with a few friends on a sunny summer Friday after a day at the beach, and I was not disappointed.  I was so engrossed in my own dining experience that I cannot even tell you what anyone else had, but I had the grilled octopus and white bean appetizer, the Sicilian olive pizza, pappardelle with rabbit, and hazelnut gelato.  If anyone had tried to take my fork away from me, I would have killed them with my bare hands...that's how delicious everything was.  I was so full that I was uncomfortable, but it was worth it.  \n\nCons?  Volume - don't know why, but this place sounds kind of like a high school cafeteria.  It was hard to hear the people at the other end of my table, and there were only five of us.  Long waits for everything.  We sat at the bar because we had to wait for a table.  At the bar, we couldn't get the bartender's attention so we had to wait for drinks.  Wait, wait, wait.  \n\nIf you're in a hurry, skip Posto.  But if you like mouth-watering Italian food and you have time to sit down for a leisurely dinner and a few glasses of ridiculously reasonably priced wine, please go here."]
["Now that they accept reservations (OpenTable), Posto is officially my favorite neighborhood restaurant! The food is FABULOUS! I love the little touches - the white anchovies in the Cesar salad, the house made cheese on the pizzas, the chic decor, the friendly staff - I love it! \n\nI'm slowly eating my way through the pizza (really, I can't imagine ordering anything else here).....and every one I've tried has been fabulous, fresh, and combined amazing flavors! Two enthusiastic thumbs up!!!!"]
["Went here with a group of 14 people and had a great time. It can be hard to take care of a big group but they had multiple people helping us and the service was great. \n\nNow the food. We had the pumpkin arancini as an app which was delicious, their red sauce they serve with them is fantastic.\n\nWe then ordered an array of their pizza's every one of them was fantastic. The dough is light, fluffy and crisp, their home made mozzarella is amazing and in general everything tasted very fresh.\n\nWould definitely come back here again."]
["For the record, I did take Alyssa up on her offer of tripe, and she is right, tripe is not that cool. It wasn't gross, just not awesome.\n\nTripe aside, Posto was a terrific location to lunch and drink away a beautiful September saturday afternoon. We were more a little loud, and they put up with us for kind of a long time. No problems splitting off checks and keeping track of us, which was impressive considering we were basically a swarm of drunken locusts by end.\n\nThe pizza here is super delicious. The one i had had cherry tomatoes and arugala and i think balsamic vinegar and it was awesome. Thin crust and a little crispy on the outside just like i like it. I am truly craving more THIS VERY MINUTE. The pizza menu has a bunch of interesting sounding options on it and I am hoping to come back later this week to try more. Prices are a bit high, admittedly, but the food is great so I can't get too worked up over it. The aforementioned tripe was okay, but it was just tripe in red sauce so it was pretty boring.\n\nBeer list isn't huge, but it's respectable and has some really nice brews on it. Drinkwise it is really all about the Gin Gin Mule. Do it. I even double dog dare you. Next time I come here, and it will hopefully be very soon, I will try to drink fewer of these and behave myself in a manner more befitting a proper lady."]
['Posto is consistently delicious. Recently there appetizers changed to smaller portions but cheaper which is nice because you can order a bunch and split it as a meal. You have to get the beef carpaccio, hold on the tuna carpaccio though. Pizzas are very good too. My favorite pasta is the gnocchi with short ribs. This place got me into gnocchi, it\'s like a fluffy pillow that melts in your mouth. Amazing balance of flavor. Make a reservation though or prepare to eat at the bar which is a fine experience too. Manager is very professional and friendly. Think he manages "The Painted Burro" too.']
['The pizzas are unique and amazing (in my experience, at least). Super thin crusts, delicious toppings, generous size. Adorable thin and crunchy bread sticks (twigs?). Interesting decor - not that it matters much to me.']
['This place is entirely average, don\'t let the sparkling reviews fool you. The restaurant itself is beautiful, I love all the wood and the style of the place. The service was poor, I don\'t think the waitress smiled at all, offered any suggestions, and I would even say she had a bad attitude. When they brought some plastic sticks over to the table, which I\'m pretty sure were supposed to be bread sticks, I realized I was in trouble. They didn\'t offer free bread either, its the plastic sticks or $2.50 extra. Anyway, we started off by ordering sangria for our drinks. They were awful, I have to say these were the worst "sangrias" I ever had, mainly because they tasted nothing like sangria, I\'m not even sure they had wine in them. So we weren\'t off to a great start, but I thought the pizza might save the day. My wife ordered a pasta dish that way we could try an entree as well as pizza. I have to say the second I saw my wife\'s "lasagne" I knew it was going to be bad. The dish had no flavor, it was just smothered in cheese. Sorry, but smothering a dish in oily cheese does not substitute for flavor nor does it make a dish somehow "Italian." Charging $18 for a single layer of "lasagne" (it was about half an inch thick) is highway robbery. My pizza wasn\'t any better. I was led to believe this was a place with "authentic" (whatever that means, I just care about food tasting good,) pizza, but boy was I wrong. Its funny they describe themselves as Neapolitan and talk about importing ingredients, because the pizza I had tasted nothing like the pizza I\'ve eaten in Milan, Venice, or Rome, and definitely tasted nothing like the best pizza I\'ve ever had, which, of course, was in Naples. The crust was dry and burnt, the mozzarella was cooked to the point of being hard, in fact, I ended up picking the soppressata off it and just eating that. Posto is all hype and show, but if you actually care about the food and good pizza, look elsewhere.']
["I LOVE THIS PLACE.  I've been here a handful of times and I've yet to be disappointed.  Their drinks are the most delicious (pineapple martini is heaven), their pizza is incredible (that darn rosemary seasalt bread!) and their appetizers are to die for.  Also, now that the weather is nice they offer outdoor seating."]
['Only one vegetarian pasta option. The pasta was okay. The side bread was delicious. Pretty good service.']
["I have to take a moment to give credit to their lovely servers, who were beyond gracious throughout my dinner plans SNAFU this evening.\nI was supposed to meet an acquaintance there for a lady dinner, but my dinner partner went MIA.  Nbd, we've all had calendar screw ups but I definitely waited for 30 mins+, chipping away at my emails and generally being exhausted by a brutal week. I decided to call it a night and grab something to take home, and a the server was right on it, super pleasant, got my order out really quickly and threw in a cannolli 'just because'.  \nThe mix-up was a non-issue but I couldn't help but think that if ever someone was being properly stood up, these ladies would handle it with the same grace and kindness that they showed me tonight. And what can I say?  That just makes an pretty great impression."]
["Wonderful atmosphere, food, and service. Great place for going on a date or with a groups of friends/family. All of the food is declicious and reasonably priced. I highly recommend the seasalt bread and chicken. \n\nI really like the ambiance too. While there are TVs at the bar, they do not take away from the warm atmosphere. Definitely make reservations for a weekend; they fill up really quickly.\n\nThe staff is great too and very accomodating. We once went and they took a while to bring out our main dishes so gave us free dessert to make up for it. The hostess that night and one other night wasn't very friendly and seemed irritated that we had such a big group (about 12 people for a birthday). We had reservations and the manager was very nice to us luckily."]
['Just moved to Davis Square, and was looking for a good restaurant with decent prices. I walked into Posto and after the dinner, realized I found my new "go-to" place in the neighborhood.\n\nThe pizza is delicious and the appetizers are amazing that can be paired with some great drinks. The atmosphere is filled with up-beat hip music, and you can browse art from local artists on the wall. The kitchen is open and you can see the brick oven cooking pizza\'s to perfection.']
['My previous negative review posted just over a week ago on 11 25 2013 for some strange reason now does not appear on the Post Yelp site as far as I can figure out...\n\nMy thoughts remain the same on Posto although the bruise on my leg from my Posto "experience" is getting better...\n\nMy previous somehow apparently deleted review...\n\nWalking into Posto tonight I slammed my leg into a wooden box in my direct path  which was positioned beside the service stand.  Hurt badly for several minutes and bruised my leg.  I mentioned this to the hostess that it was a dangerous spot to put the heavy wooden box and she replied amazingly that customers trip over it "all the time."  We immediately left.  How can a restaurant be so careless as to place a low level object almost directly in your path as you walk in the door?  How can they keep in there when customers are constantly tripping over it?  I almost never write reviews on anything...but I took the time to open this Yelp account just to write this review...']
["I definitely was disappointed with Posto. The rosemary sea salt bread appetizer was super salty, and the fried green tomatoes were lacking flavor. The margherita pizza was great, but our second entree was terrible. My boyfriend ordered the pasta with rabbit, and there was clearly some sort of turkey and/or chicken mixed in.  All in all I'm not sure if I would go through the process of making reservations again for a pizza."]
["After walking by this place many times, my boyfriend and I finally decided to stop in for dinner - and I'm really glad we did. \n\nOur waiter was very friendly and attentive and clearly took great pride in the food he was serving. When I told him about my dietary restrictions he was very accommodating.\n\nI ordered the rosemary sea salt bread for my appetizer, and it was really tasty. For my meal, I had an arugula salad that was a bit heavy on the dressing, but still tasty.\n\nThe decor is really crisp and clean with a full view into the kitchen and several tables outside for al fresco dining. Looking forward to going back here."]
['Now that I have been to Posto numerous times, I can whole heartedly give it a 5-star review.  Posto is my go-to for numerous girl dates (at tables or the bar), real dates, parent meals, and immediate Italian-food-craving-satiating. \n\nSo to start, there are the drinks.  Anyone who has ever been there with Melissa knows that the Gin Gin Mule is great.  I can thank Posto for bringing this into my regular drink rotation.  On top of the GGM, there is also a great selection of wine, beer, and other cocktails.  I have never been disappointed.\n\nThen there\'s the food.  Do yourself a favor and don\'t skip the sea salt and rosemary bread with the spicy oil.  It is insanely delicious.  I have dabbled in the pastas (a special once with smoked mussels and, more recently, a crab linguine) with the conclusion that the bolognese is at the top of my list.  I\'m sorry, does the menu read pork, veal, and beef? That stuff is amazing.  A half order is enough for me, but I ordered a full last time and got three meals out of it. The pizzas are otherworldly.  As a non-bacon eater, my selection is cut about in half.  This is certainly not a complaint; I am always deciding between at least three other items on the menu.  Boston lacks real pizza.  I will gladly venture out to Somerville to stuff my face with this pie that surpasses my unfairly high benchmark.  I have tried the margherita, bianco, meatball, sausage, and eggplant.  The only disappointment I feel is in myself for finishing an entire pizza (just kidding; I\'m actually pretty proud of that).\n\nAnd THEN there\'s the dessert.  We only explored this once, but the tiramisu and cannoli were delicious.  I encourage everyone to leave room for dessert after a handful of gin gin mules, girl talk, and pizza.\n\nTopping it all off is the staff.  This is a necessity from me to get a five star review.  My first Posto experience was an eight person Yelp-girl-date.  Needless to say, we aren\'t quiet and we aren\'t shy.  They laughed as we told stories too loudly ("your what eats what?!") and smiled in response to whatever we did.  Another time we took over the bar.  As our group kept rolling in, water glasses were filled and orders were taken.  The staff managed to accommodate us all.  In my most recent experience, I accidentally ordered an item that had an ingredient I hated.  I asked what it was and it was indeed on the menu.  I took this to be my fault and picked it out.  The waiter noticed almost immediately.  He offered to remake the dish and then insisted on it when I put up any level of resistance.  This really sealed the deal for me.  These aren\'t exceptional stories, but just the norm at Posto. \n\n\n\nI don\'t know many restaurants who have mastered a consistent high level of service with great drink selections accompanying delicious food.  Keep doing what you\'re doing Posto.  I will keep coming back for more.']
['My friends and I were incredibly excited to try Posto.  This particular location in Davis has had a rough time keeping businesses afloat, so I had high hopes for a classy joint moving in and really holding its own.\n\nI was disappointed by Posto for a few reasons:\n\nAtmosphere:  Even on a relatively slow night, this place was LOUD.  There is no buffer for the warehouse-like ceiling and hard floors.  Don\'t bring your elderly aunts and uncles.  Like many, I was surprised that there is absolutely no seating in the waiting area.  And no umbrella stand.  We were asked to drop our umbrellas in the vestibule.  It doesn\'t seem like this particular part of the customer experience was thought through.\n\nPrice:  For what you get, the prices are extremely high.  When we sat down, the waitress told us that the pizzas were "personal size - 12 inches."  Since a person of my size can\'t finish a 12" pizza, this felt like an upsell and not just friendly advice.  For $16 a pizza, I expected the best I\'ve ever had.  Or at least for Posto to deliver on the promise of "crispy" pizza.  On the contrary, the center of the pizza was so soggy I couldn\'t pick it up.  Which leads me to. . . \n\nFood:  My friend discovered a chicken bone on top of her pizza, which would have been a moment of great excitement, had the pizza itself not been so bland that we all fell into a coma.  The Margherita pizza was much better, but again with the soggy crust.\n\nIt\'s hard to go to Posto and not compare it to its local brothers and sisters (Sagra and Alfresco in Davis Square have better value, and Cambridge 1 is essentially the same concept but with a much nicer atmosphere).\n\nI will say that the waitstaff was friendly, and it\'s clear that everyone is doing their very best - but it just wasn\'t enough for me to justify a return visit.']
['Got great service last Friday night:  my table was ready when I arrived for my reservation, the waitstaff was friendly and knowledgable about the menu.  I had the fennel roasted sausage pizza, and the Winter Salad (with pomegranate seeds, goat cheese, and fresh thyme) - both amazing.  My date and I were seated at a great table in the back, with more privacy (away from TVs) - the Pinot Noir and Honey Hard Cider was yummy too.  Would definitely return and highly recommend making reservations ahead of time.']
['Alright.\n\nI used to not like this place. I came first after it had just opened, and wasn\'t impressed.\n\nI\'m a man whose mind is not very easily changed.\n\nI was convinced to come back just tonight, and wanted to make sure I updated my review as soon as I could. Much has changed since my last visit to Posto. Let\'s just say that I\'m a convert.\n\nThe decor was well-done and built a lovely mood. Great lighting. Nitpick: The table was sufficiently long and the music just loud enough that I had a bit of trouble hearing both my companion and my waiter. But my ears are also a bit stuffy, and it may be mostly me.\n\nThe plus of the louder music was that I had much more "space" at my table, and was a able to easily ignore the tables nearby, without feeling separated and lonely.\n\nThe service was flawless. The waitstaff was a great mix of friendly/personable, and razor-sharp professional. They knew the menu well, and didn\'t have any qualms talking openly about it. I enjoyed them coming by. \n\nThe food was well-timed, well-presented, and _excellent_. Lots of flavor in my pizza (the Honey Crisp Apple--highly recommended). The liver (my first experience with such an organ): also great. My companion\'s grilled chicken, similarly, kept its moistness while getting something unique out of its grilling, and had a lot of great spice flavor (that complemented, rather than overwhelming, the chicken itself). Bravo. My companion said "wow" to, literally, each dish. I was keeping track.\n\nThe wine, in short, was quite tasty. \n\nI recommend Posto wholeheartedly. I will be back myself, and soon.']
["Comfortable, casual atmosphere, what lured  us in was the $29 porchetta prefix. We sat at bar, small bar 10/12 seats, and waited about 10 minutes to be greeted by bartender who was nice enough, but not exactly warm or engaging. She seemed quite overwhelmed, not sure with what, didn't see her making a whole lot of drinks or pouring copious amounts of wine. Finally we get a wine/drink menu and food menu. Another 10 minutes go by, finally place drink order, we arrived @545 thinking this plenty of time for prefix before movie, by time we place food order we had been there for quite sometime and opted for pizza thinking it would be faster. Bartender sets us up with silverware and napkin, BF was given dirty knife and bartender didn't notice, we placed it aside, pizza comes. We ordered the salsicce, nice fennel flavored sausage, broccoli rapini (Classic combo), and ricotta. The pizza was ok. Dough was allowed to rise too much so it had a really puffy crust that burnt slightly and was stretched too thin in middle, which was soggy. If the ricotta is drained in cheese cloth taking out some moisture it would prevent the sogginess. All in all, we barely made it to movie on time, getting our check was painful, and the pizza just ok, not sure worth checking out again."]
["A super-classy pizza place near Davis Square, with an extensive wine selection. A terrific locale for a romantic dinner.\n\nThe pizzas are rather thin and small. One feeds two people--no more, and possibly less. They're offered with a variety of toppings ranging from the mundane to the somewhat exotic (apple?).\n\nThey have one vegan offering, the primavera pizza, which is the best vegan pizza I (or the vegan I went with) have ever tasted. Tons of roasted vegetables on a sweet sauce. Highly recommended."]
["It was ok...like one reviewer said it has a nice ambiance, decent food but overpriced.  I am also a somewhat picky eater, don't eat red meat or pork and found a hard time finding something that wasn't too expensive and I liked. I want to go back because it is a nice atmosphere but I don't want to pay so much for food I am not crazy about. Service was decent."]
["Finally a decent place to eat in Davis Square!!  When you've had too many burritos, can't stomach one more greasy slice of pizza, and realized that the food at the new bistro is so not good, go check out Posto!\n\nI've been there twice in the past month and both times were delicious.  First time was on a thursday night and there was a bit of a wait.  Once we were seated we were served some olives, which I realize now are not complimentary.  I'm not a big olive fan but these were delicious...especially the large green ones. Yum!  We ordered some sea salt bread because we were starved.  Bread. Good. Fine.  Whatever, its bread.  Next was the beet salad- delicious local ingredients flavor explosion.  Then came the pizza...oh the pizza and all its perfect-crusty on the outside-but -warm and delightful- on the inside, crust.  Must try the asparagus pizza with farm egg, La Quercia, and lemon zest.  Its to die for!!!\n\nAlso had the duck pizza, which was yummy as well.\n\nAdditional notes:\n*Great cocktails\n*Nice Lambrusco by the glass\n*Did I mention excellent food in a neighborhood that is SERIOUSLY lacking?\n\nCheers to Posto!"]
["Being personally contacted by the owner/chef tells me to try their place again shows that they care about their product.  \n\nBumped up to 1 star but wanted to note that I came to Posto sometime after they opened up.  They may have gotten the snags out of their service and consistency of their pizza but my original review is what I truly thought my experience was which was 2-stars.\n\nI'm sure their wine is still just as good as before which is a 4-star rating."]
["Best pizza in Boston.\n\nBest cannolis I've ever had. They make all of their own cheese fresh daily, and it makes a difference.\n\nWish it was open for lunch on weekdays."]
["It took me a long time to get to Posto, and I'm not sure precisely why that is. In part, it might be that it looks super corporate, of the style more regularly seen in Harvard Square than Davis, and I wasn't sure it would be that worthwhile. However, I've now been twice and I would like to say that though its aesthetic is very polished, it's not anything that would ever be annoying or take away from the overall experience, and the food is delicious. I have sampled about five different pizzas, including the brussels sprouts with egg and the butternut squash, two of the least expected options and my favorites. They have lovely thin, crisp crust, and for a girl who loves some Chicago deep crust, it's the right style for the flavors and textures of Posto's pizza. The one pasta I have tried was also quite good, and the full size portion was pretty much ginormous. The crisps they give you instead of bread are nice, and I fully recommend the selection of olives for a light appetizer.\n\nOther winning factors of Posto are their reasonably priced wines and beer, and the overall atmosphere, which is quiet and formal without being over the top. The servers I have experienced were knowledgeable and maintained the appropriate balance between attentive and giving us a bit of space.\n\nEven on a weekday, I do recommend a reservation. Posto can be busy and the wait can get a little long. It would also be lovely if they were open for lunch, but so it goes."]
["Went here on a Sunday night, and the place was quite crowded. We didn't order any appetizers, though they did provide grissini, which were tasty! I split the mushroom (fiorentina(?)) with a friend, which was very tasty, and almost filling enough for dinner by itself. They provided chili oil, which was a nice touch, since the crust is a little plain/dry. We ended up getting the chocolate/hazelnut/gelato dessert, which was more than enough for two. Other members of our party ordered a seafood stew and cod, with  no complaints. Only reason I gave it 4 stars is because it's a little on the pricy end ($20 for a not-large pizza is a bit much, no matter what toppings you put on it.)"]
['We went to Posto for a late lunch on a Sunday. The restaurant was empty but the hostess was so friendly and the place was spacious, open and warm. \n\nI was really worried because we were with our 5 year old daughter who basically eats just a few things. \n\nI had a lovely taleggio and fig sandwich on incredible ciabatta. My daughter had the kids cheese pizza which is basically a regular size pizza for $8. My husband had their Calabresi pizza and a glass of red wine. He said it was very good.\n\nThe meal was wonderful, tasty and the service very nice. I highly recommend it for my sandwich and for the kids pizza. They offer pasta for dinner. I recommend it if you are looking for good food, a casual dining experience and good prices.']
['The food was ok.  I found several unexpected chunks of bone in my rabbit pasta, and it was otherwise verging on bland.  My date\'s pizza was pretty tasty.  Considering the price, neither was as good as it should have been.\n\nMy date aptly described the taste of the white sangria as "a bit of wine with Tang."  The pitcher was full of ice and a bit of cut fruit... maybe the advertised limoncello was in there, maybe not.  There certainly wasn\'t more than a glass or two of wine  in the whole pitcher.\n\nThe server was friendly, but not especially competent.  \n\nWith regards to price, this should definitely be $$$ ($31-$60 per person), though everything about it felt like a $$.  The $100 I spent (after tip) for two entrees, two desserts, and a pitcher of sangria felt like way too much.\n\nBottom line:  regardless of what you\'re looking for, there is somewhere else that has a better and cheaper alternative.']
["For me, Ben Affleck is sort of the kiss of death to most movies he stars in since Chasing Amy.  The location Posto dared to set up shop is most definitely the kiss of death to restaurants.  In fact we spent the 20 minute wait for a table here thinking of the R.I.P.Restos that might still haunt these walls - and 20 minutes was jsut enough time to list them all\n\nbut damn I hope Posto breaks the curse, because they pump out decent food in a cool (if not slightly too loud) environment.  they seem definitely interested in the satisfaction of the customer (who has ever heard of a manager bringing over more calamari because 'it looked like the order you got was a bit small'???).  the wine list is extensive and reasonably priced.  the service was quirky (in a good way).\n\nno booze on the outside patio (i have friends that froth at the mouth about that), but you can't really count a Somerville gay law against the place.  otherwise, it's really hard to find fault.\n\nand even though the old tenants all shared the same location in common, they also shared a decent amount of faults - another possibility that this place might just make it after all."]
['The place was really loud for a dim lit, lounge-type place to eat.']
["Came to Posto super excited for the prospect of a solid new pizza joint to add to the list. My boyfriend and I came for a nice celebratory end of the week dinner (and also to avoid the traffic clusterfuck that is the Pike the night before Thanksgiving). What better way to do that then to enjoy some pizza, etc?\n\nLet's get down and dirty with the review.\n\nDefinitely was a fan of the decor. Big brick oven as the center piece and sleek design all around. Thought it was a strange but appreciated touch that each table of 2 had 2 different chairs. Also - I'd give about a B for the bathroom situation. Loved the trough style faucet. Again, I have a weird fondness for checking out restaurant bathrooms.\n\nService was right on par. Server was friendly, informative, present and accounted for. We even started shooting the shit about gnocchi at one point. I felt comfortable with him. Also - huge points for the carafe of water. I drink a shit ton of water when I dine out and don't want to have to flag down the server everytime the tiny glass in front of me needs a refill. Small things like this do not go unnoticed with me.\n\nWe started with the arugula salad and the boy ordered a pizza and I ordered the short ribs and gnocchi (two of my all time favorite things). It seemed as though this was a perfect way to sample everything the menu had going on.\n\nSalad was great. Really interesting dressing. Honey and thyme vinagrette. Not something I would have thought would go together well, but it worked. Arugula? What's not to like. Devoured it.\n\nMy dish was pretty good (although... not gonna lie, felt sort of sick a couple hours later). Minus a couple points for that. The gnocchi was pillowy enough (not gummy), the beef was prepared well, but when you hear red wine sauce, you expect bold flavor. It was sort of too blah and didn't have much pop to it. Could have been better. I think Grotto does a much better job with the short rib/gnocchi combo.\n\nThe pizza was also just OK. I was expecting big things (it is a pizza place after all) and maybe that's why it didn't quite live up to the hype. I'm all for wood oven cooking, but that doesn't mean you should burn the shit outta the crust. The crust was burnt and yet the bottom of the pizza was still soggy. We just ordered basically a plain pizza (no heavy toppings) and the dough on the bottom could still not accommodate this. I'd hate to see how soggy it got once you started adding real toppings. There was garlic on it too. But not garlic how you'd normally expect. Literally chips of garlic that weren't even really cooked. Just whole slices that somewhat resembled blanched almonds. Too crunchy. The only saving grace was the fresh mozzarella which is completely impossible to botch in my opinion. This pizza left alot to be desired.\n\nAll in all, I think I'd be willing to give this place another chance. Maybe they are still working out the kinks as I believe it is a fairly new establishment. \n\nThis place has the makings for greatness. Maybe they can work it out. Maybe not."]
["I went here the day before my birthday with my mother and fiance. I can't say enough good things about Posto.\n\nMy Fiance is 100% Italian and has been to Italy 6-7 times in the last ten years, and she felt the food was a very authentic representation of the food back home. \n\nwe had the mussels to start which were amazing. very well cooked and we ordered at least 3 rounds of bread to sop up all the amazing sauce they were in. \n\nI got the Salumi pizza which was absolutely amazing. between this and flatbread pizza company, it's very hard to ever want normal pizza again.\n\nMy two lovely guests both got a pasta dish. The pasta is absolutely amazing and homemade and has started me on a huge fresh pasta kick.\n\nThe next day i went to Davide (of kitchen nightmares fame) in the north end, spent almost twice as much for just 2 of us and honestly it was probably half as good as Posto.\n\nTry their stoli doli cocktail as well, absolutely amazing."]
["After receiving a personal invitation to try Posto again from the owner/executive chef, my boyfriend and I returned, hoping for a better experience than our first visit. We weren't let down.\n\nWe arrived for our reservation and were sat almost immediately. The restaurant was busy and buzzing, and the overall mood seemed better than our first time. Our waitress was wonderful; present, chipper and overly willing to answer any questions, and kept us informed as to the order of the courses we ordered, and had our drinks full at all times.\n\nWe started with the goat cheese bruschetta, which was incredible. Only critique was I wished the cherry tomatoes and the goat cheese it was topped with were warm, then top it with the greens. The bread was warm and soft, and the portions were huge. Following the bruschetta, we got the meatballs. The meatballs themselves were moist, and covered in melted mozzarella and their pomodoro sauce, which was well seasoned. For our pizzas, we got the prosciutto and the pork sopressata. The prosciutto pizza had homemade fior di latte, arugula, lemon anchovy dressing and parmesan. I preferred this one, the prosciutto was buttery and melted in your mouth. The pork sopressata was good as well, but had a few too many spicy peppers for my taste, my boyfriend on the other hand loved it. \n\nOne thing I've noticed about their pizzas, which are loaded with toppings, is they're cut then topped with the arugula. Wish they would do this the other way around, makes separating it messy.\n\nAt the end of our meal, the front of the house manager came over and personally apologized for our prior time, and they were very generous when it came to the bill. \n\nWell played, Posto, well played."]
['We went here last night and had a nice dinner. First we started out with the rosemary bread that everyone talks about and it was very good, it reminded me of naan and came out pipping hot. My wife had the half chicken, which was very good and a nice portion size. I had the crab tortellini, which was good, tasted homemade and fresh but it did not blow me out of the water. I think if we go back here again, which I think we will I will try something else. We finished the meal off with cannolis which were fine but I do not think we would order them again. Our server was good and nice, no problems. I think the bill came around to $56 or so for all our food drink (2 sodas) and tax but not tip.']
["Yay! I'm a fan! The details...\nThe pizza is great.  Especially if you like salt.  I'm not a huge salt fan (and if they just made the sauce a little less salty, this would probably be my favorite pizza this side of Napoli), but the pizza was delicious nonetheless.  \nThe meatball appy was scrumptious.  Please order.\n\nAnd a MUST is the cannoli.  Seriously the best I've had.  \n\nThe wine list is VERY reasonably priced and they'll let you sample just about everything (Posto also has one of those wine-on-tap contraptions...very cool).  \n\nThe service was great, the food is excellent and I left happy and full.\n\nUPDATE: Posto made its pizza less salty!!  I upped the 4-star rating to a 5.  Definitely my favorite pizza in Boston!"]
['A great find in Somerville. I am left craving the pizza. I liked how the menu look a bit of an unconditional view on Italian. They would mash up two different liked ingredients on their own and put them together -- sometimes it is the little things that matter. I had a wonderful dinner with old friends and will remember this place fondly. Pizza, flatbread, nom, nom, nom.']
["I went to Posto, had the beef carpaccio for an app, the Maine crab tortellini for entree and the beef carpaccio for dessert. Yes, really, it's that good. \n\nAll I've got to say, skim over the pizzas, focus your discerning gaze on the antipasti and pastas and send me a thank you note."]
['Love this Italian Restaurant. Must try their Gnocchi, simply delish! The calamari is also a great appetizer. I go here about once a month. Make sure to have reservations on Fridays nights and weekends. The place can get extremely busy and packed.']
["This place was great.  My girlfriend and I celebrated her birthday here and it was a great place to be.  Good beer, the tomato and goat cheese bruschetta was delish and I had the half chicken which was almost too much food for me (doggy bag).  Did I mention that was also delicious?  Honestly this place just made my night.  Well done posto.  \n\nOnly negative and it is a small one, our table was a little dirty when we sat down.  The place WAS slammed though so it's understandable."]
['Wow.  Went here thinking I was getting a brick oven pizza (which is what they specialize in) and ended up getting a perfect vodka martini, lovely spicey clams with this amazing fresh bread and 3 half plates of seasonal fresh pasta.  We shared everything family style.  My friend with the pizza was jealous.\n\nThe wine selection is great too.  They have the option of glass/half bottle/whole bottle, and this special storage system which apparently keeps it fresh for 3 months.  Um, I drank a half bottle.  We had an excellent server who kept up the flirting.  Loved the whole experience!']
['Walked in for take out pizza- the hostess (1 star at best) said it would be 10 minutes... 45 minutes later I was still waiting. The bar staff is very nice (4 stars). \nThe pizza is good but overpriced - I have definitely had better and I hate when they burn the crust.  Also when I left with my to go pizza it had been sitting out so it was barely hot.']
['I really like the Davis square area and this place has been on my list of places to go and I have gone twice now in the past month because I was so happy with the food and service.\n\nIt has a good feel to the place and the staff has been friendly and helpful. The prices are very reasonable for the quality of the food. \n\nI have tried several of the pizzas and both were good, along with trying slices from the other people I had dinner with. Their polenta is excellent. I was not sure how it would be, but it very creamy and good with some mushrooms that add good flavor and texture to the dish.\n\nGreat place to go with friends or a date. Check it out!']
['Best Italian food in Boston!! Highly, highly recommend!!']
['The problem is, is that the best Neapolitan style pizza in the USA is at a place called Otto in NYC. The sauce is friggin\' incredible, the dough is razor thin but flavorful....wait this review is about Posto.\n\nI went to Posto with my co-worker and our respective significant others. We had both studied Italian in college and had lived in Italy, so we were excited to try out a new "authentic" pizza/pasta place.\n\nThe space is open and sound travels easily. It\'s easy for your conversation to get drowned out.  \nThe waiter was a little bit over the top with his "we use the freshest ingredients, molto autentico e incredibile" attitude. He was competent, but one could sense his contempt for his customers underneath his salesy attempt to impress. \n\nI went with the Margherita and it was bland. Not necessarily an issue with the ingredients, but with the preparation. Too much cheese, dough a little too thick, not enough sauce, etc. \n\nThe wine seemed decent and I won\'t pretend to know anything about wine.\n\nI almost want to give the place three stars for the fact that they serve affogato, which is basically vanilla gelato drowned in a shot of espresso, man that stuff is so good.\n\nI\'m depressed because I wrote a much better review of this place and it was erased since yelp was undergoing maintenance when I tried to post.\n\nAnyway, I think this place has potential, but they would need to really work on their food preparation and customer service.\n\nAlso, there are so many great Italian options in the area, and Posto feels a little soulless in comparison.']
['I was soooo impressed with this place.  \nFirst they have parking...a handful of spaces but parking nonetheless!  That\'s hard to find in Cambridge.  \nSecond the wine menu is very affordable with a good variety.  \nThird the staff seem to be very friendly. We were seated next to a regular and the reason we knew that was because everyone and their mother that worked there were coming up to chat with her.  Clearly the staff appreciate the regulars but they were also friendly with newbies like myself.  \nFourth the bread is soooo freaking good here.  If you are cutting back on carbs then this is the worst place to come, actually you really shouldn\'t be coming to an Italian restaurant if you\'re cutting carbs.  I digress...the bread is good. Trust me. Even my "say no to bread" bf had to have a few breaks of bread.\nFifth the friggin spicy carb linguine is to DIE FOR!  I am not usually a big pasta person but I was all over that dish even though I ordered the special pizza.  Food envy.  That\'s not to say that I didn\'t like my pizza because that was definitely excellent as well but the flavors in the pasta dish were so well balanced.  It had the perfect hint of crab in the sauce.  Next time I\'m back, I\'m getting one all to myself and I\'m sharing.\n\nWe passed on the dessert because we just couldn\'t fit anything else in our tummies.  \nI am a very happy camper after this meal.\n\nThe only thing that I have slightly negative comment on is that the bartender didn\'t refill our wine glasses with our bottle.  But I liked the food so much that I\'ll attribute it to me being snobby.']
['Delicious food, great atmosphere. We came here with another couple and started off with two different kinds of bruschetta: the tomato and goat cheese, and the apple and gorgonzola. Both were wonderful. For the main course we split two pizzas between the four of us: the pizza of the day which was had gorgonzola crema, pears, caramelized onions and arugula (same as their apple pizza, but with pears instead). The second pizza was Scampi, which has fior di latte, shrimp, tomatoes, garlic, spinach, basil and a lemon vinaigrette. Both pizzas were good, but the overall consensus was that the pizza of the day was the favorite. For desert each couple split a cannoli: YUM. Our waitress was attentive and funny, the lighting was perfect and there are floor to ceiling windows to create a bigger atmosphere (though the view of Elm St in Davis sq leaves much to be desired). I would definitely go back.']
['I really like the feel of Posto. The lighting and interior are spot-on for a cozy Italian meal. Their aim is true when it comes to ambiance: it feels classy and upscale without seeming haughty or self-important, which would be a mistake since in essence, it\'s a neighborhood Italian/pizza restaurant. It\'s gotta remain accessible for that reason; Posto does, even with its (thankful) lack of checkered tablecloths.\n\nThe pasta dishes I\'ve tried have been tasty, although it seems like they\'ve scaled down the pasta part of their menu more recently, perhaps to bring more focus on the pizzas. So last night, it was time to try the pizza. We started with the arugula salad, which I thought was really tasty (and I\'m a picky salad eater). We then ordered the Pork Sopressata pizza with chilis and their housemade fior de latte - so spicy! Those chilis are serious business.  We also ordered the apple/bacon/gorgonzola/onion pizza, which was pretty awesome. Yeah, it\'s hard to go wrong with gorgonzola and bacon, but this reached new bounds of creamy and sweet, smoky &amp; flavorful. My only complaint was the apples - a nice touch, but they were cut so thickly that the texture didn\'t jive with the rest of the pizza. Still, delicious.\n\nThe service was fine. Our "half bottle" of wine was surprisingly small, just a teensy bit over two glasses (Can I complain about that without sounding like a total wino? Thing is, it would have been cheaper to just get individual glasses - but whatever). Clearly their wine program is focused on their high-end wines that they keep in a special controlled inert-gas environment etc so that you can try just a glass of a really killer bottle of wine, and that\'s cool, although it seems like a difficult sell for the dining environment, where I\'m much more inclined to look for a decent table wine with my pizza. \n\nIt\'s pricey-ish; I wouldn\'t come here every week. But dinner at Posto was without a doubt a pleasant way to spend an evening!']
["Ok, it is primarily a pizza place, but the burger made of short ribs and sirloin with bacon and Vermont cheddar on brioche sounded too good.  I was expecting something special from the addition of short rib meat, but what I got was an average burger, somewhat overcooked, and none of the juicy goodness I'd hoped for from these ingredients.  The only thing above average was the $12 price, and the very tasty home fries served with it at brunch.\n\nI was eyeing the pizzas coming out for possible future visits.  Maybe they're great, but they didn't look like anything special.  The crusts looked pale and floury.  Like the burger, the pizza prices are well on the silly side, at 14-18 dollars with most to the higher end of that range, and this is for a pizza that is on the small side -- it looked like one reasonably hungry person could eat a whole one, may about 12 inches.  I can't imagine going back to try the pizza now that there's a Flatbread Company nearby."]
["Pros: Pitchers of Aperol Spritz, good pizza sanctioned by the Pizzaioli association in Naples, nice antipasti. \nCons: Very loud - don't go expecting to talk too much to your companions, mediocre desserts, overall a bit expensive for what it is."]
['Thankfully, Posto does not keep its high-end wines under "natural gas," the one you use to heat your home, but rather a "noble gas," the kind that keeps wine from oxidizing, so it stays fresh longer, despite our waitress\'s misinformation. As advertised, Posto\'s wine list is pretty spectacular, or at least looks to be. Unfortunately, my student budget doesn\'t allow for the finer things in life, so my date and I looked to the lower end of things. There, despite choices, the wine list could be more wine-noob friendly, with at least some kind of tasting notes or groupings. Oh well. I guess no information is the norm for wine lists, but I can still wish for a better tomorrow.\n\nIn terms of food, we weren\'t feeling the pizza that night, so I can\'t really speak to their perhaps most visible offering, but the pastas we got were phenomenal, if perhaps slightly meager in the portion size for our getting-out-too-late-had-a-small-quick-lunch-because-we-were-too-busy-for-anything-else appetites. I had a dish with gemelli and cherry tomatoes which just screamed summer, and her seafood ravioli were rich and creamy as sin.\n\nI\'d say this is a great date place--good food, still affordable, classy atmosphere, nice wines--except that the whole restaurant was weirdly super loud, as if something in the acoustics were amplifying everybody\'s voices. We spent the entire night yelling across the table and straining to hear each other. That, and with our #1 criterion being to get in out of the oppressive heat, Posto seemed to be unair-conditioned, or at least extremely poorly air conditioned. Ceiling fans I\'m sure work fine for most of the year when Boston weather usually leaves you looking for heat rather than cool, but for that month in the summer when you can\'t bear to even look outside for fear of melting, Posto was terribly disappointing.']
["I was back visiting the family in Boston and we went here for an early dinner.  My sis-in-law loves it and it was walking distance from their house, which was nice with 2 small kids.\n\nIt was great.  The ambience was elegant, simple and spacious.  The wait staff was courteous and attentive and the food was wonderful.  I had gnocchi with a braised short rib sauce which was perfection.  The gnocchi was soft and melted in my mouth.  If you've read my other reviews, you know I'm a fan of a gnocchi, so when I say it's good, it's good.  My hubby had the tortellini with Maine crab, pumpkin and parmesan with herbs.  It was heavenly.  My brother had the fish stew which he polished off very quickly.  For dessert, the tiramisu was excellent.  The waiter took a LONG time to get our dessert (over 20 minutes).  He apologized and gave it to us for free.  I have another 5 days left in Boston, so I may try to squeeze in another visit here if I can!"]
['We were attending a show in the area just outside of Davis and were looking for a nice restaurant for dinner and found Posto.  It really filled the bill as it was a great dining experience and very convenient to the show we were to attend.  The food was delicious, service very attentive and the atmosphere pleasant and convivial.  We were in the back room which was a bit more private and made for a more romantic atmosphere.  We had heard it could be loud and noisy but we did not find it so.  We are hoping to go back soon.']
['Walked in around 8 on a Sunday night and we were seated within 5 minutes. Our waitress was cheerful and attentive, though the place was packed. At one point, a man in a suit (who I\'ll assume was the manager) jumped in to help take orders and clear tables. \n\nWe started with the pumpkin arancini which was almost perfect - it\'s served on a traditional onion/garlic heavy marinara, which was overpowering the lighter pumpkin flavor. I\'d have opted for a white wine sauce instead. We split the pork sopresatta pizza, with hot peppers and arugula. Each bite was flavorful, and the flavors were well balanced. I\'m not crazy for pizza in general, but I do love when it\'s done well -- not with tons of gimmicky ingredients, but with just a few fresh, tasty things.\n\nThe pizzas are not large, but not single serve either (maybe 10" round?). Each one was cut into 4 large slices. With a starter and a dessert (we had a hazelnut gelato affligato!) it was certainly enough for two people. The only downside to the evening was the noise. We could barely hear each other or our waitress over the din created by an average dining crowd and some high ceilings. I hope they figure a way to install some noise-dampening material.\n\nSo, to sum up -\n\nService - 5/5\nFood - 4.5/5\nAmbience - 3/5']
["FINALLY a wine bar in Davis Square!\n\n3 of my girlfriends and I went to Posto last night for a mini reunion, and it was a great time! We sat at the bar so there was no wait, and we pretty much ordered everything on the menu.\n\nWe started with a bottle of (extremely inexpensive!!!) prosecco and 3 appetizers- the arugula salad, caprese salad, and arancini. I liked the salads, but the arancini sauce had an anise taste that I'm not a huge fan of.\n\nThen we went on to get a bottle of white and 3 pizzas to share. The pizzas we picked were mushroom, primavera, and sopressata. All were really good! \n\nWe ended our meal with 3 desserts- strawberries with mascarpone cheese and balsamic vinegar, tiramisu, and affogato. The strawberries were soooo amazing and I want to have the affogato every day for dessert. The other girls got dessert wine, but I'm broke, so I was already over my budget!\n\nThe best part about Posto is the wine list. Huge wine list, really great wines, and so inexpensive. The atmosphere is so great too! The corner of the bar was so conducive to conversation and a great dinner with friends! I'm definitely going back!"]
['I have been back several times since my initial review, and as promised only gotten the pizza, which is excellent.  During one visit when there were no tables available we lurked around the bar and snagged two seats when they became available.  Had the same meal there that we would have had at a table.  The bartender was super friendly and helpful, the food came pretty quickly, and the dining experience was a success.']
['My husband and I went to Posto for the first time last night and it was a great experience! Like many of the people who\'ve already reviewed Posto, I definitely echo the sentiment that it\'s great to see an inviting, quality, dinner place in that space on the edge of Davis Square. It\'s definitely a unique offering for the area. The overall layout, with an ample bar area, airy seating area, and open kitchen was stylish and functional and gave the restaurant a nice feel.\n\nAt 6:30pm, it was already bustling. We had to wait about a half hour for a table, but were able to enjoy a drink at the bar-- a nice Prosecco and a "Gin Gin Mule" - a gin, ginger beer,and mint concoction. At dinner, we tried the meatballs and the sea salt and rosemary bread to start, and then ordered the Margarita and Bianca pizzas. It was thin-crust pizza done well. The dessert options weren\'t especially appealing, but at that point we were stuffed anyway. \n\nOverall, the staff was very attentive, enthusiastic, and accommodating, despite how young the restaurant is. Looking forward to going back with friends for a glass of wine and antipasti or a meal.']
["As a Somervillian I was impressed with the atmosphere-- the picture windows make the location feel bustling and the open, darkly sophisticated space is very welcoming. We ordered two pizzas-- duck and sopressata-- both of which were phenomenal and more than enough for two diners.\n\nI wasn't familiar with a beer on the list, and the waitress wasn't either, but she brought me a nice-sized sample.\n\nWe ordered the beet salad, which the waitress forgot to put in. It arrived after the pizzas, was graciously comped, and was very delicious anyway. It had cool crispy-thin breadsticks on top. We cannot wait to return to Posto."]
["The food is pretty good (but more because of high-quality ingredients than preparation), the service is solid, the decor is nice but trying a little too hard to be trendy. Mostly it's overpriced and doesn't feel very genuine"]
["Overall I liked this place, but was not bowled over. The ambiance overall was appealing: chill yet buzzing with conversation. The bruschetta was delicious and just the right amount for an appetizer (four pieces split between two people = perfecto). The meatball pizza was spiced really well and I highly recommend a little drizzle of their pepper oil to give it even more of a kick. \n\nSo why the three stars? While the food is good, I would argue that it is overpriced for its quality. Also, the service was just so-so. While I wouldn't describe the servers as inattentive, they didn't go out of their way to be friendly or to make sure everything was going well at all. Sure, I was sitting at the bar and perhaps bartenders don't make the most attentive servers, but I felt one step away from being outright ignored. As cozy as the place felt based on its interiors, I was hoping I would feel the same way about the service. Unfortunately that was not the case."]
["Gnocci is amazing! Best I've ever had. Their mixed drinks are also really great. Service is good and the atmosphere is nice for a date night or special celebration dinner. It's pricey, but if you're willing to spend a little more you can rest assured it'll be worth it. Open kitchen is fun to watch pizzas being cooked. Food was delicious but rich and somewhat heavy, depending on what you order, so small portions were enough for us."]
['Walked into Posto for dinner with my husband. Had never heard of the restaurant and I am very glad we stopped in. The food was excellent and they had a great beer. The dessert was probably my favorite!!']
['Generous portions, courteous prompt service (even on a busy Saturday night), and the tiramisu is a must-have.  Excited to return.']
["We really liked Posto for several reasons:\n\nAtmosphere - clean, modern, loud (I happen to like loud, vibrant places). Air conditioner was on and working well, too.\n\nGreat wine and cocktail list - although I don't get the no-alcohol-outside policy. Is that a Somerville thing? I thought the rule in Mass was that you could drink but you had to eat, too.\n\nGood food - Interesting menu and good food. Octopus salad, meatballs, olives, bread (very similar to naan), spaghetti carbonera, and tagliatelle bolognase all great!\n\nService - Others have given Posto poor marks for service. We had no complaints. Everyone was all smiles. Servers were attentive but not overbearing.\n\nWe will come back, order pizza, and update the review."]
['Posto means "place" in Italian.  In other words, a nice Italian name for a restaurant that essentially says nothing.  This review will say otherwise.\n\nI brought my boyfriend here last night for his birthday, and called ahead earlier in the day to request accommodations for a larger group that would be arriving to help celebrate later in the evening.  I was told that they don\'t usually take reservations, but that they\'d make it work.  Huzzuh.  So then when I arrived, I went to the highly chirpy hostess, introduced myself, and said that I had called earlier about a larger group joining us.  "Oh!"  she chirped, "we don\'t actually do reservations."  I told her yes, I had been told that, and was also told that this could be a special case.  "Aha..." she chirped on a slightly lower register.  "We\'ll see what we can do."\n\nIn the end, it wasn\'t too much of a problem, as we were able to snag chairs from unassuming tables around us, but I was a smidge peeved that calling ahead had been futile.  Hooray, we cried, when the first table opened up next to our bulging four-top.  Boo, we moaned, when we were snappily informed that that table "had a long list waiting for it."  How does one GET on that list, pray tell, chirpy passive aggressive hostess?\n\nFoodwise, indeed, the pizza was delicious in that Bertucci\'s, crust-that\'s-simultaneously-chewy-and-crisp-at-the-edges kinda way.  The meatballs afloat in heaven-made tomato sauce and blanketed in long, gooey mozzarella were to die for.  The octopus salad--bland, cold, tasteless, irrelevant--not so much.  Good olives and decent bread, although bread really should be a right, not a $3 privilege.  There was a flavor of herb on our Toscana pizza that my boyfriend likened to "chewing on an Electrosol tablet."  I was stuck with white wine (stupid migraines), which really had no place competing with the powerful flavors, and the watermelon cocktail was weirdly not at all sweet, but the wine list was lauded all around the table, and the $4 glasses of prosecco were a nice touch.\n\nAlso...the bar chairs could not be more cumbersomely uncomfortable, and there\'s no liquor license for the outdoor seating...yet.  I remain optimistic!\n\nSee, that\'s the posto I\'ve arrived at.  This place is still getting its bearings, and it\'s a good idea, so I know we\'ll be back.  A-OK, for now, with some nice, constructive room for improvement.']
['There\'s something to be said for the unexpected burger. Sure, you can walk in to just about any pub, fast food place or middle of the road restaurant and order a burger and be reasonably sure of what to expect in size, flavor and price. At Posto in the Davis Square neighborhood of Somerville, the pizza is the star attraction, along with a healthy dose of all things Italian-American. Normally if/when I order a burger at a place that doesn\'t specialize in burgers it feels as if I\'m ordering off the kids menu. While I may have received a few glances in my direction that screamed, "what are you a moron? Why did you order a burger at a pizza place?"  The end result turned out to be a very delicious and exceedingly enjoyable burger. \n\nThe Pork Steak Burger is a $15 behemoth of a meal, nicely presented on a cutting board complete with a large cone of rosemary sea salt fries, housemade pickles and the always amusing ramekin of Heinz ketchup. The burger is sandwiched between the hit-or-miss Brioche, which works in its favor this time, despite being a tad on the crumbly side and a hair too large, it does a great job of being a wall to the inevitable juices and traps them all in. The blend of short ribs, sirloin and pork is one of the more flavorful burger blends I\'ve come across. The pork is not as predominant a component as I would have hoped for, however, it does lend a good deal of fat that makes the burger (along with the fatty short rib) if it is largely undetectable on its own. The patty is beautifully cooked, medium-rare to rare all the way through, it\'s very juicy and has a distinct and powerful meaty flavor profile. It\'s well seasoned, and the accompanied roasted tomatoes and arugula add both texture and acidity and give the burger a nice quasi-Italian flair. The cheddar is melted, gooey and has a presence without taking anything away from the meat. The fries are flawed, very salty and limp. They are perfumed with fresh rosemary but can\'t hold a candle to the burger.\n\nFor $15 the Posto burger isn\'t exactly a steal, but I enjoyed it far more than the pizza, which is what they are known for. Sometimes a great burger can be in a place where you least expect it. Let them make fun of you for not ordering "what you\'re supposed to," but enjoy the benefits of a very enjoyable burger.']
['Tried eating here last night with friends and the host was so rude! It was a Tuesday night so we didn\'t make a reservation, and they weren\'t that busy, but the host was completely flustered. We tried to give him our name to put us on the list and he kept saying "give me 5 minutes" and then finally he told us (after we had been waiting at least 10-15 min) that it would be a 45 minute wait! I was excited to try this place, but we ended up going somewhere else. I hope the next time I go the experience is better.']
["I went to this place for the first time this week and I really liked it!  The pizza was amazing and the staff was really friendly.  I loved the atmosphere- it was very laid back, dimly lit, and relaxing.  It's a great date spot but also could work for low-key, but nice dinner with friends.\n\nThe only con would be the pizza's were kind of small- I shared one with my girlfriend and if we hadn't gotten an appetizer, it definitely wouldn't have been enough!"]
["SO GOOD.  Best Italian food I've had outside of Italy.  It's a little expensive, but that's good, or I would be there every day.  \n\nIf I could marry this restaurant, I would."]
["I adore the pizza here!  The first time I went was very soon after they opened and I thought everything was great.  Sure, our waiter was a little weird but he was prompt and friendly.  The best part of the place is the pizza dough - so delicious!  I'm a junkie for thicker crust and this place serves one of the only thin crust style pizzas that I yearn for.  The dough is thin but still soft and has excellent flavor.  They have a great wine list too.\n\nThe inside of the restaurant has a nice, spacious, clean feel and I like the way it's decorated.  I also love the outdoor seating.\n\nI would highly recommend Posto to anyone looking for delicious pizza!  I've finally found a restaurant in Davis Square that I love going back to."]
["We dined here with a bunch of friends on the weekend. Loved the ambience, and our server was simply superb. A few of the appetizers were very good (bruchetta, calamari). However the main course was a bit of a letdown. I had the cavatelli pasta and one of my friends had a fiorentina pizza. Both were rather salty and even without the excess salt, they weren't particularly exciting. We had chocolate hazelnut for desert, which was ok. Tiramisu was good. Overall, had fun with friends but didn't enjoy the food as much."]
["This place never ceases to amaze me.  The food is never anything short of exceptional.  The pizza is the best in the city, with the simpler pies upstaging the one with more exotic ingredients.  (Trust me, once you have the marinara you'll never need crazy toppings ever again!) Pasta is also outstanding.  I'm glad to see that the gnocchi with short ribs has become a mainstay and hope the agnolotti  with goat sticks around, as well.  \n\nService is consistently friendly but never too pushy or present.  The decor is quite nice and its always fun to watch things go in and out of the wood-fired oven. The one thing I have to knock is the prices of beer and cocktails, but they also have a good number of $7 glasses of wine that are just fine.  I don't tend to save room for dessert, but the one time I had affogato here it was something to remember."]
["Had a good sampling, with Caesar Salad, Polenta, Burger and Pizza Campania...along with two reds.  The Pinot (by the glass) was boring, dull, and 'aired out'.  The Chilean Merlot (also, 'by the glass')was lively, delicious, and nicely aromatic.  They have a wine list that would make just about anyone happy. The food was generally excellent, however I wanted a certain richness in the pizza, that I thought it lacked. A bottle of pepper infused oil was placed on the table, but I didn't try it, and probably should have asked for some olive oil.  Loudness and hard surfaces caused woman at next table to squawk like a seagull.  Yet, I can't wait to return, and try more offerings from Posto's great menu.\nI can't help but think that carpeting would do well to soften the atmosphere, but then they'd have to charge more."]
["Two words: hazelnut gelato. Possibly the best ice cream I've ever had, including real Italian gelato. Including Bailey's ice cream. Including Christina's. \n\nAnd the rest of the meal was pretty amazing too - incredible peppery chicken mousse, ramp pizza, prosciutto sliced razor thin.\n\nBut the hazelnut gelato at the end. Wow. You've gotta get it."]
["MMMmmmmm delish!! Kinda pricey...I've come here with my mom, but I'd go with friends if everyone was in the mood for a nice dinner.\n\nSolid service, cool ambiance, GREAT food. Recently had the eggplant pasta dish--excellent, but don't split it--you'll want to eat the whole thing.\n\nMildly pretious: they have some weird system/apparatus where they can serve wine by the glass and still preserve the wine over time. Which to me seems pointless; like I'd rather just have a $7 glass of beringer, thank you very much."]
['The rabbit dish is delicious! The service is great! Great restaurant for a date!']
["In a nut shell Posto's is a great restaurant with great food, atmosphere, and service. The menu is a little pricey for what you get but It's not unreasonable. \n\nI had the burger there so I can not really comment on the pizza but everyone else around me had pizzas so I would assume they are great. My burger came with a few pieces of potatoes ( maybe like 9-10 pieces ) and a small jar of misc pickeled vegetables. The pickled vegetables were a little wierd but thats probably just me. The burger was not cooked to my specifications but it still turned out great. ( I asked for medium and it came back medium well) The burger was juicy and the potatoes were perfectly cooked with a crisp exterior and soft interior. Will have to go again and try the pizza next time. Also I did not have the gin gin mule which is their famous mixed drink but I heard excellent reviews about it. Would recommend trying this restaurant if youre ever in the area."]
['Definitely four stars. Great pizza and stellar service, especially from Miguel the sommelier, but the wines are overpriced (Costamolino is $26 at the Franklin Café, $42 at Posto) and the apps are a bit on the skimpy side. Though Neapolitan pizzas tend to be wet in the middle, I like crispy and they were happy to accommodate with a new pie. I do hope they get some sharper knives that can actually cut into their "knife and fork" pizzas!']
["This place is quite delicious. As mentioned by other Yelpers, the pizzas can easily feed two people. I split the Tortellini (Maine crab, spiced pumpkin passato, parmesan crema, clipped herbs) and the Fig pizza (Fig, Gorgonzola dolce, La Quercia guanciale, caramelized red onions, arugula) with my company. \nThe pizza was fantastic. Everyone was happily satisfied. The tortellini on the other hand, was moan-inducing. Crab and pumpkin? Hell yes!\nThe cocktails got good reviews from my table. Although the peach Bellini wasn't very peachy. \n\nEveryone rolled out full and content. \nAll in all, the food was great.\nThe service was quick, attentive, and professional. \n\nProbably the only con was the price. It's not recession/student-friendly. Was the food experience worth the price? Yes..ish. Can I go there every week? No."]
['good pasta, awesome Martini!! I can\'t say I like the pizza there. It\'s pretty much like Nan bread with "interesting" toppings. This might sound gross to some people, but I like to eat well prepared chicken liver. It didn\'t taste good here unless you like it with sweet jam on top....I have chills thinking about the taste. I enjoyed my dining experience there overall.']
['Went here with the GF. We ate at the bar, it was awesome. Food was really good and the atmosphere is great. Very spacious and high ceilings. Staff was right on it. Little pricey but worth it.']
["This is my go to for an amazing meal in Davis Sq. It is by far my favorite restaurant in the area and I consider myself some what of a foodie. Their cocktails are amazing and their food is equally as good. I love this place so much I even had my wedding reception here and Edson (the manager) was so great to work with. The pizza is all about the ingredients and preparation and they take it so such a great new level of love for their food you can taste it. I usually order a gin gin mule to start with some rosemary sea salt bread and maybe some olives and then get the nonna's meatballs and the arugula salad. The pasta they make is also outstanding so usually try one of those. (their Maine Lobster &amp; Sea Scallop Tortellini is my fav.) Their tiramisu is huge so if you get it I suggest sharing. They also have a great wine selection with lots of options for half bottles and wines by the glass."]
["Friday night, as we were walking by we came across Posto. We decided to check them out since we've heard great things about them. It was about 7:30 when we arrived, we were promptly seated at an open table outside. We never expected to get great service since we only got 2 pies and a couple of beers. We will definitely be back for a full dining experience. Our waiter was attentive, respectful and welcoming. He was also telling us about the grand opening of their newest restaurant, rosebuds. I can't wait for them to open! I'm so glad we moved back to the neighborhood. So many great things are happening in the square."]
['This is the best pizza in the Boston area, in my opinion.  The dough is crunchy, yet doughy, and the fresh mozzarella tastes simply amazing.  A must try - I like the pepperoni and margarita the best.']
['This is more 3.5 star than 4. So what would make this restaurant a 4?\n\n1. Atmosphere. Can we please turn down the music just a tad so I can have a conversation? Please invest in some shades. Sun was just too much beaming into my in-laws faces. Not fun eating while squinting.\n\n2. Food. Pizza Primavera needs some sort of cheese in the bottom, because zucchini has a lot of water in it and it makes the dough into a mush. Also, score the skin of the eggplant and zucchini, so it is easier to bite. Sausage pizza was a bit too oily (though garlic was nice). Pizzas overall needed a little bit more oomph! \n\nCompliments re. Maine crab sweet pea tortellini. Out of everything we tried, this dish had a nice flavor profile.\n\nIs the pizza worth $18 a pop... nope. It is more of a $12 pizza. Chef needs to get bit more brave with flavors.']
['What a great addition to Davis Sq. I really hope they stay in business (this location seems notorious for failed businesses). \n\nThe staff is so great - even brought out a water dish for our pup as we ate dinner outside the last time we came here. \n\nPizzas are delicious and the wine list is nice. Boo to Somerville for not letting them serve Beer &amp; Wine on the patio (only inside).']
["Nice bar area.\nNice outdoor seating - though you couldn't have alcohol outside when I sat outside.  The interior table area didn't seem as elegant as the bar area.\nInside, we had a few drinks, appetizers, drinks, pizzas, drinks, etc.  Wow, the bill can run up fast here when you like their martinis!\nBut the food is good and this is a little bit of a different type place for Davis Square.  I'd say it's one of the more fun places to go in the area - especially if you are looking for something a step above the average bar food menu.\nPlus, the bar back was pretty cute, too.  I'd go back just for that and should raise the rating to 5 stars for him - but I'll keep it at 4 for now!  Holla!"]
["Ate here with a group on a Friday night.  It was awhile ago, so I can't remember exactly what I had.  But I remember that everyone enjoyed their meals, and the atmosphere was cozy without being cramped, and lively."]
['Above average food. Awesome Service. Lovely atmosphere. \nEverything is great. 5 stars of greatness? Not quite. Though, I love just about everything about Posto I didnt leave feeling like I just have to come back.']
['Long wait. Excellent gin mule drink. Very small wine pour more like a taste than a glass. Average pizza. Nannie meatballs were good.\nVery good waiter, host not so good. Back to Flatbread.']
['Great food and fun to go with friends or family. There is outdoor seating in the summer which is great! The inside is really pretty with high ceilings. You can get 1/2 portions which is key, and splitting a salad and pizza with a friend is a great meal idea!']
["The food revolution comes to Somerville!\n\nLet me start off by admitting my bias: Posto now employs two of Boston's best, having hired Wyatt Maguire and Vanessa Leesam away from Barbara Lynch, and I've been a Gruppo fan for years.\n\nWith that said, what Wyatt is doing at Posto stands on its own with top quality food, an authentic Italian pizza oven and a unique and friendly atmosphere.\n\nFirst off, the bartenders are creative.   We began with some great cocktails.  While I wasn't expecting it in a martini glass, my Negroni was perfect.\n\nThen the apps.   In a word: spectacular.\n\nThe lemon risotto in the arancini was bright and surprising.   The polpo (octupus) was perfectly tender and each bite was a flavor explosion.   The mint pesto served with the calimari was very creative and set the tone for a lovely dinner.\n\nThe Tagliatelle with rabbit was delicate and utterly lovely.  The fava beans were a perfect compliment.\n\nThe pork tenderloin marsala was fork-cut tender and flavorful.   (The other review that mentioned a pork chop?   Yeah, this isn't a pork chop nor is it advertised as such.)  Served on a bed of pencil asparagus and topped with perfectly seasoned beach mushrooms, my only complaint is that it was a very large serving.\n\nThe most spectacular dish though was the handmade orecchiette.  Words cannot do this dish justice.  There's a subtle spice that works magically with the arugula.   It was an addictive dish.\n\nWe also had tastes of the pizza.   It was all quite good, but we'll have to go back for more... and trust me... we will."]
["You know a restaurant is good when you hit it up 2x in one weekend, you know it's AMAZING when you actually LEAVE another restaurant after your first round of drinks because you've been dreaming about the food! I'm in love with Posto and here's why:\n\nThe restaurant is beautiful, the staff is lovely, the bar is sexy and the drinks great! Of course the real pull here is the food. Me and an unnamed partner in crime had the following dishes this weekend and were just lamenting how Posto will be the single biggest reason we go broke and/or gain weight this winter-worth it!\n\nBruschetta: Olive oil poached sea bass is not the bruschetta you're used to but it is amazing! we got this both nights and said it was the best thing we'd had to eat in a long time!\n\nParma: This was my favorite: Crusty bread grilled to perfection a la the above dish, topped with prosciutto, apple, parmesan, and balsamic reduction. Meat, Cheese, Bread, AMAZING!\n\nMeatballs: I'm Italian so I've had some pretty awesome meatballs in my time and Posto's were as good as my grandma's because they know that meatballs should be made with the holy trinity of veal, pork, and beef! \n\nCaesar Salad: Really solid caesar. We got one each night although I'd like to try the other salads as well\n\nSopressata Pizza: spicy and delicious. The cheese was wonderful and creamy, the crust chewy. The pizza combos all look delicious but the other stuff on the menu is so tempting I think Ill be trying everything else before I get pizza again."]
["I met with old friends at Posto last Sunday for lunch. The ambiance, high ceiling, and natural light was comfortable. The water we were served upon sitting tasted a little funny, somewhere between still and sparkling and very metallic. The bubbles affected the taste of the food. We each started with the arugula and endive salad. For $9.25 it was lacking. Not enough greens, not enough flavor, small portion. It was okay, just nothing to write home about. The three of us split 2 pizzas and were happy that the server and kitchen could accommodate our substitutions. The pizzas were dinner plate sized and both of them charred on the bottom. I enjoy well done, burnt flavors, but that was a little too much. The toppings were on point, fresh in season, and a proper sauce to topping ratio. \n\nIt should be noted they are willing to veganize their menu and have a few options that are labeled so. That always makes ordering easier! \n\nFor the amount of food we ordered, received, and paid for, I'm not sure I would go back."]
["This is a go-to place for my fiance and I, always on the short list for a Cambridge/Somerville night out. We've never been had a bad meal there and more often then not we have a phenomenal one. It can actually be a little romantic, but disclaimer there is a huge TV playing sports.\n\nI love their wine carafes and always get the sparkling. Their cocktail list looks delicious, but I haven't yet strayed. \n\nWe always get the rosemary sea salt bread, and it's gone in 2 seconds flat. Sometimes we get delicious nonna's meatballs (it's always on the table)  and then it's one second with the sea salt bread. We've had a couple pizzas and a couple pastas (the Pappardelle, Braised CO. lamb, roasted root vegetables, white wine, parmesan really stands out) all very good. \n\nMy only complaint is that it isn't in right in Harvard Square, so I could eat here all the time!"]
["Cramped inside and loud, but the atmosphere was cool and the food was amazing. Definitely a spot I'd go back to."]
["We really enjoyed it here. Rainy night on our way to a concert at The Somerville Theatre - geat venue! - and glad we decided to reserve her. We were a half-hour late and no problemo. Our waiter, Miro, was terrific, just...very good at his job, a natural.\n\nWe started w/ the (I can't remember the name!!) lasagna-type app which was excellent, would have that as an entree in a minute, good pasta, sauce, great cheese, nice size for sharing. The goat cheese bruschetta was pretty good as well, could b a bit more size-wise, for a bruschetta. Like the nice, rustic breadsticks they bring out 1st as well...\n\nWe shared the seafood tortellini on Miro's suggestion and they were terrific, very flavorful, nice sauce...we picked the veggie pizza which I thought was pretty, pretty good as well. Obviously they are paying attention in the kitchen. Nice crust, cheese...if this place were closer by we'd def be in more often. The hostess even took our soppin' umbrellas. Nice space, good vibe, busy, but they seem to have things under control. A solid go-to in Davis Square, not exactly a dinin' desert, but this place is particularly groovy."]
['Terrific! Ask for Jamie. Excellent service. Good food.']
['Amazing restaurant!! Great service from waiter and manager, very good food and fast service. Rustic authentic atmosphere, highly recommend it.']
["Nice appetizers, great service, very enjoyable. Pasta dish was brilliant. Surprised, though, that for all the hype the pizza was the least impressive item we ordered - the dough was too chewy, though maybe it was a fluke. I'd go again."]
["Had dinner here last night with my Fiance and our friends.  LOVED IT.  I'm so psyched to have another great restaurant in our neighborhood.  This place has a great interior decor, a big wine list and good service.  \n\nWe had:\n\nWood grilled octopus &amp; white bean salad, olives, chili &amp; \nlemon vinaigrette\n\nSopressata, Spicy tuscan peppers, fior di latte, \noregano, arugula\n\nPrimavera, (vegan) Eggplant, roast peppers, tomato, \nzucchini, squash, basil\n\nAll were delicious!\n\nThe only negative is that you can't drink alcohol at their outdoor tables.\n\nI will be back soon!"]
["After wanting to check out this restaurant for some time, I headed over there this weekend with my husband and a friend.  \n\nI really enjoyed the atmosphere, and felt instantly comfortable.  They played through a great CD while we sat and enjoyed our food, and our waiter was quick to provide us with more water or to check in on us.\n\nAs for the food----AMAZING!  Everything was very fresh, and was very well seasoned.  We tried:\n\nMeatballs\nCalimari\nOlives\nPizzas\n\nThe prices were a bit high, but not compared to the usual Cambridge/Somerville area.\n\nI'll be a repeat customer, and highly recommend Posto!!"]
["YUM!\n\nThis pizza is awesome. Between three people, we split a margherita pizza and a primavera pizza. Both were absolutely delicious. We also ordered the rosemary (I think?) and sea salt bread... so addicting. I wish we had ordered more.\n\nThe service was also pretty good.\n\nI really liked that they wouldn't seat unless your whole party was present. Some restaurants don't do that, and although it's great for that party to get to sit down... everyone else in line waits longer. But they don't take reservations.\n\nI can't wait to go back!"]
['The food here is excellent! The gnocchi and pasta are so fresh and also well seasoned. The pizzas are equally good and the ambiance is great for a night out.']
["So this is a pizza and wine bar. Sounds great, right? It's just too stuffy from the moment you walk in. It has an extensive wine list but then they serve pizzas. It's just not a good combination. Their pizzas are also very overpriced and they will look at you weird if you order a sweet wine - so unless you know your wine, good luck! I really don't like reds or dry wines so why judge a paying customer on their taste buds? I just feel that anyone who is frequenting your location should not be judged since they're supporting your business. The salads were okay and very large, we didn't stay past the drinks and salads so went to an Indian place down the street after for dinner."]
["Yes, we waited about 40 minutes for a table. Pretty much exactly what we were told when we put in our name.\n\nNo, I didn't see any example of the poor service some on here have described. As a matter of fact, I thought they had a pretty good operation down for a new restaurant.\n\nThey're aiming to be a serious wine bar and Neapolitan pizza place, and I think they could end up pulling it off. As others have mentioned, the prices are about 30 to 40 percent steeper than what you'd expect, given the neighborhood and especially the historical lack of success of past dining establishments at their specific location.\n\nOur server was personable, knowledgeable, and attentive. We got the soft shell crab appetizer, the caesar salad, and their sopressata pizza. The crab was good, the salad was excellent, and the pizza was outstanding. I'm not sure what happened with the crust of the person who described it as hard, but our crust was similar to naan and very good.\n\nWe were full enough that we passed on dessert, but they certainly earned a repeat visit, even with the steep pricing, which they may eventually have to address, with their closest competition (Cambridge 1?) significantly undercutting them on that."]
["This is an update to my previous review.\n\nI went with a couple of friends. The food was delicious, and the staff was incredibly friendly. They also did a great job with the space. I do think the portions could have been a little bit bigger considering the price (and this is coming from someone who eats like a bird). \n\nI had complained here earlier about being charged for complimentary bread. What I *should* have done was asked about it at the time. But you know, after a few drinks, judgment isn't so great. At any rate, it seems that it was just a mistake and all is taken care of, which is greatly appreciated."]
['The sidewalk seating was very nice on a hot summer eve, although no drinking is allowed outside.  The inside decor was classy and swanky, very open feeling with high ceilings.\n\nThe service was discombobulated.  Things were forget, brought out late, drinks never came.\n\nThe Pasta Carbonara was bad - the sauce was almost like milk and not flavorful.  The Marinara pizza had a tasty sauce, very thin crisp crust and light cheese.  It was tasty, but we were still hungry afterward.']
["If you're anywhere near Davis Square, don't postpone a visit to Posto!    \n\nAmbiance: Dark, warm, clean lines, much like Cambridge 1.  There is an added bonus of the open kitchen, if you're into watching your meal come into existence.  Music is a smidgeon too loud, but otherwise it all meshes well.\n\nFood: Huge flavors at affordable prices!  We had fried pig ears, which is akin to french fries on crack.  A crispy outside gave way to perfectly chewy cartilage.  These pig ears are the Southern junk food of your dreams.  Burrata was a healthy portion at $12, which was every bit as creamy as the more expensive offerings in Boston.  The Sopressa neapolitan pizza had a spicy kick and was generally good.  However, it would've been better if we could've removed the center of pie; it was soggy in the middle.  We ordered a side of bread, which was smaller and didn't have the same sinking problem.  Next time, I'd prefer to have the bread with burrata rather than the pizza.\n\nDrinks: Cheap!  $3 glass of wine?  Wow!\n\nService: Very sweet, attentive and informed.  Our server had great recommendations and even folded my napkin when I went to the restroom.  It was definitely better than what Posto's price point required, and this is in the first week of existence!\n\nSuggestion: Go to Posto for excellent appetizers and affordable drinks!  Skip the pizza until they fix the soggy center issue."]
["I am about to engage in a passionate love affair.   We were finally introduced last night by mutual friends.  I passed you a few times on the street before, but never had the nerve to introduce myself alone.  My friends have gushed about you for months.  I certainly always knew you were good-looking.  But I was so taken aback by your hospitality, your sophistication, your good-natured warmth.\n\nYou listened to me so attentively last night.  You catered to my every whim.  I gorged myself unabashedly in your presence, but you just smiled and gave me more.  My love intensified with every nibble.  My blush intensified with every sip of my (3) gin gin mules.  \n\nDon't listen to my friends, Posto.  They won't love you long time like I will. \n\nTill we meet again..."]
['The meatballs are fantastic and should not be missed. Also try the Rosemary Sea Salt bread - great with the spicy oil. Menu changes every few months - so if you like something go back.']
['Loved this place.  In from NY.  We are used to great eat places.  We mostly had antipasti/tapas.  Would recommend that unless you want Pizza.  Great waiter that was from Buenos Aires.  Would love to come back here']
['This place was AMAZING!\n\nWalked in on a Tuesday night and was immediately struck by the cool space; high cielings with a converted warehouse feel, very open and welcoming bar at the front and then tables around.  Seemed VERY cool, and very Somerville (which I love!).  \n\nAlthough we had to wait 20 minutes for a table because apparently a LOT of people know how good this place is, we were immediately befriended by folks at the bar, one guy actually paid for our drinks (we asked that the bar tab be transferred, but either someone forgot or this random person was very generous - thank you!).  While waiting we were able to chat with the hostess, the owner and a few others who were all raving about the place, essentially everyone is so proud of what\'s going on here. They should be!\n\nNow to the food: We ordered a caprese salad which was so much more interesting than the boring tomato on mozzarella with basil; this was actually a bowl of salad with great seasonings that brought out all the flavors beautifully and the tomatos were the best I\'ve had in a long time.  \n\nWe also ordered the arancini which was okay, but maybe that\'s because arancini is just fried rice with cheese. It was good, but nothing spectacular. \n\nWe ordererd the White Anchovy pizza which is INCREDIBLE! Don\'t be scared, if you like savory things try it! It comes with arugula, roasted tomato, garlic and  maybe something else, but the flavors were awesome. \n\nWe also got the fig pizza which was less stellar for me because I\'m more a savory person than a sweet one and it says it has gorgonzola cheese but I didn\'t really taste it, tasted sweet to me, but still very interesting. \n\nThe prices are around $17 a pizza which could feed two if you\'re having an appetizer, so all in all thought the food to value was excellent so five stars here for my review.\n\nAlso really enjoyed the wine list, the service, and what to me felt like a "New York City" night with the local flare and kindness of Somerville.\n\nYay! I\'ll be back for sure:-)']
["Dish delish! Really enjoyed the pizza. I think I would've enjoyed it more if I didn't have to make the reservation a week in advance."]
["Thank you Posto for treating my friends and I so amazingly!! Not only were they extremely accommodating about our ever-growing group, they kept up with our demand for gin gin mules - we had 14 by the end of the night. The food, as ever, was fresh and delicious. I shared an order of the calamari and we couldn't even eat it all, though I gazed at it longingly. Who doesn't love little sea creatures that are breaded and fried? Especially ones who have funny tentacles you can wave at strangers at the table next to you? Everything is good here - and I mean every thing."]
['Excellent Neapolitan pizzas, nice wine selection and cozy brick-and-beam interior. A Davis Square gem.']
["First time at this restaurant and was pleasantly surprised. The atmosphere is nice, the bar is wide open to the restaurant as well as the kitchen.\n\nWe started with the Trippa all'Amatriciana. It had a bit of spice, but not too much, came with bread for dipping in the sauce. We also got the Burrata to start, which was some of the best I've had. It was super creamy, and served with pears and beets. Would definitely recommend this. \n\nFor the meal we split the apple pizza, and the half portion of carbonara. The apple pizza was great with apples, bacon, and gorgonzola. The carbonara wasn't like other carbonaras I have had before, but very good. It had pieces of  pork instead of bacon, and brussel sprouts instead of peas, which personally I like a lot better. The half portion of pasta was still a large amount, definitely enough for a full meal for one, or sharing if you are getting other things. \n\nI will be back to posto soon, and wich I had gone sooner!"]
["It's such a relief to see this business surviving and thriving in Davis...\n\n(how many different eateries have been in this spot since I moved here four years ago? I believe this is the fourth....)\n\nI have been to Posto three times now and I have always had a great experience. I order the vegetable conservato, which is an amazingly beautiful dish of neatly-stacked marinated veggies. They even add a few golden raisins, which add a nice touch. I also order the arugula salad which is always fresh. I haven't ordered pizza or pasta but my man-friend has and he says it's delicious. The service is great... especially the main bartender-lady! She's very cool. \n\nThere are only negatives: it can get SO crowded (which is great for Posto) and the wait can be long. Also when the place is filled it just gets very loud and the sound carries a lot in the space -- think of a giant bathroom (not in ambiance, of course, just sound...)\n\nActually speaking of bathrooms, the sinks are pretty rad. Go check them out.\n\nThis is definitely a regular spot we'll be hitting in the future. I hope this place continues to do well! Methinks it will...."]
['Big disappointment. 1. Waitress was pretty bad. We had 2 little kids with us and instead of warning us that the child size portion of pasta would feed 6 kids under the age of 6, she let us order 2 of them, one for each kid. She also tried to get our elderly mother to order the large plate of ravioli and tried to get us to order a second pizza.  That is NOT how to get a good tip.  2. She was also a " low talker " which is not a good thing for a waitress in a noisy restaurant. 3. The fried pigs ears were like rubber. 4. Calamari was blah. 5. Pizza was just ok. 6. Beet salad was bland. 7. Took forever for our main courses to come. \nNever again.']
['The pizza at this place is delicious.  We ordered the Margherita Pizza - I loved the sauce, the cheese (ooo a house-made mozz mix?  done!) while my tablemate briefly complained that the dough was not flavorful enough.  It was a very light dough.\n\nOur advice: do not order the aracini - it left some to be desired.  But two can share a pizza comfortably, provided that they also order an appetizer or two!']
['It just opened a few weeks ago. The food was delicious.\n\nAs to be expected, there were a few kinks in the service and the space, but the food was delicious.']
['Amazing food. Superb service. Beautiful interior. Only issue is it was very loud and a bit hard to have a conversation with people even if they were seated across from you.']
["Here's the thing. The meal was delicious. The service was good, and in any other situation, this would have received 4 stars. I would still recommend this place. \n\nThe problem came with my specific dish. It was the special of the day, and essentially a pork belly roulade, stuffed with bacon, cranberries, and another pork medallion, on top of some brussels sprouts and squash puree. Was it delicious (and heart-clogging)? Absolutely. High marks on creativity, presentation, and taste. \n\nSo what was the problem? Well... the pork medallion in the middle was undercooked, due the nature of how the roulade cooks. When I brought it to the attention of the server, she was helpful and took it back to the kitchen. I merely wanted the middle piece to be cooked a little longer so I could enjoy it as I had with the rest of the dish. However, they went above and beyond, and plated me a new one, and had spent more time searing it (with the intention of giving me a well-cooked slice). Unfortunately, that didn't solve the problem. \n\nNow, research shows that in the US, the parasite Trichinosis is almost non-existant in commercial pork due to improved standards. Would I have gotten myself a brain parasite if I had eaten the pork? Most likely not. However, my belief is that pork should still be fully cooked in all situations. My dining companion, bolder than I, ate the pork with no problem. I'll let you know if he gets the parasite. \n\nThat was the only problem. Everything else was good, and would have been great had I ordered anything else. The dish was still tasty... I ate everything else that was fully cooked. They were great and gave me a new one. It's just a bummer it was still undercooked."]
["This place is my go to neighborhood restaurant and what a welcome addition it has been to the neighborhood.  I've eaten at Posto probably 10 times since it opened and I have consistently had good food and good service.  Most recently, my boyfriend and I took out of town friends there for dinner.  It was a Sat night and the place was busy, but we were promptly sat when we arrived for our 8:30 pm reservation.  Service was excellent.  Excellent wine selection (with some reasonably priced options, which is always nice to see).  We ordered 2 bottles for the table.  We also ordered some appetizers to share with the table of 4 people - we got 2 Caesar salads (each is shareable for 2, if you are getting other appetizers), we got the meatballs, calamari and some Lemon Arancini rice balls.  Everything was delicious.  I will say that Posto's Caesar salad is currently my favorite Caesar salad out there.  The dressing is just perfect, and they do not skimp on fresh grated cheese, which is a plus in my book (you can never have enough cheese).  Meatballs were tender and had a wonderful blend of different meats; Arancini had delicious cheese in them as well (you can see where I'm going with this... cheese is good).  \n\nAfter the appetizers, my friend and her boyfriend split a pizza (they got something with sausage.. the memory escapes me as to exactly what they ordered, as I was diving into my Maine Crab stuffed tortellini and could barely break myself away from it to hold polite conversation, let alone investigate their meal....)  But my friends loved the pizza, and from my past experiences at Posto, I can say that the brick oven pizza is really good.  My boyfriend got a bowl of pasta with bolognese sauce and we shared our pastas... the bolognese is really, really good.  Simple, tasty pasta in a hearty meat sauce.  We ended the meal with some cannolis to share... the waiter said that they were on the house, which was really nice.  Service is top notch - our wine glasses stayed full, as did our water glasses.  \n\nOverall, you really can't go wrong here.  If I had to criticize, I would say that the acoustics in Posto are a little loud... it can be hard to hear people at your table, as the general atmosphere is loud on a packed Sat night.  But the food and service makes up for it.   I'm so glad that this place is within walking distance to where I live... the food is excellent!  You should eat here."]
["I have dined here probably 4-5 times and had takeout several times as well.  The food is very good.  The arancini and meatball appetizers are delish!  I've only had the magherita pizza and it is very good.  I've also had the carbonara which is very good as well.  Food is always very fresh and homemade.  You can see the wood fire stove from the dining room, it is really cool.  \n\nThey have a good wine selection and the atmosphere is very nice.  Only a short walk from the Davis T stop.  I love going to this place!  Would definitely recommend making a reservation because its usually busy!  You can do it through opentable, which is convenient."]
["We have been back multiple times now and I do love this place! They've really kept the quality high since they've been opened. Our service has always been great. The food is all delicious. I don't think I've had one thing that was even mediocre here. I've had some pizzas, the gnocchi, various appetizers. All very good! Very nice wine list as well. \n\nDefinitely make a reservation on friday and the weekends (even if you're going at 9:30, they're still packed!). Great family place (though few kids are there later), great date spot or a great place for a large group of friends! Highly recommend!"]
['Love, love, love!!! \nI have only sat at the bar, but every time I go in there they remember who I am (about 3 or 4 times npw)!  I love the atmosphere....open kitchen, hustle and bustle....a little loud, but that makes it city for me and I like it!!  \nThe food is very authentic and the staff (at least the bar staff) can answer ANY question you have!  And although the food can be on the pricey side, the wine list is amazing!  Some great deals!  \nKeep up the good work Posto...I will see you soon!']
["I didn't expect the food to be so great, but it was absolutely fabulous. We ordered three appetizers and wine, just two of us and we were very happy with our choices. The beef carpaccio was good, burrata with pear was fantastic and bruschetta was even more so. Highly recommended."]
["I would give it 4.5 stars if I could. I'm really glad that Posto is hitting its stride, as it's a major add to Davis Square.\n\nThe pizza is excellent, probably the best in the Somerville-Cambridge area (particularly the Trentino, though it's hard to go wrong) and the prices are reasonable. Great wine selection if that interests you. The brunch is also excellent. The service has been really good of late and really friendly.\n\nNice low-light atmosphere, so it's great for a date night on a summer evening. Only critique is that sometime it's a bit loud, but they had turned down the music last time."]
["I went to Posto for a friends birthday.  We had a good sized party but they had room for us.  The food was very good.  I had a white pizza and some french fries.  It was very fresh.  Everyone at my table enjoyed their food.  Good wine list, I ended up trying a few different wines and enjoyed all of them.\n\nI would have given it 5 stars if it was a little bit cheaper.  I'll be back for sure."]
["Alright, I live down the street from Posto and really wanted to give it a few visits before I posted on it. I've decided that it's pretty great. The atmosphere here is great though I find it's not the best place to go to alone. The bar set up is a little awkward in the front of the restaurant and seemed somewhat squeezed in and an afterthought to the restaurant set up. With that said the restaurant set up is great and is really what this place is about. I find it's a great place to go for smaller and larger groups (reservations are a good idea though). The restaurant has a big wood burning stove that you can see from the entire place and the kitchen (as least some of it) is right of the dining room. Now that it's getting nice out they open up the huge windows in the front and set up some tables on the side walk. When the weather is nicer I have a feeling I'm going to be enjoying more than a few brunches here. \n\nOK, now the food. Some of the go to dishes for me have been the Caesar and Baby Arugula salads, Calamari and Mussel appetizers, Fig and plain old Margherita pizzas. The pizza almost always comes out nice and crisp on its thin and tasty crust, which is still good the next morning. I have to admit I haven't tried any of the actual meals. I've always come from a few drinks, usually wine or martinis, and to enjoy some appetizers and pizzas in the big open atmosphere. The only down side I've found is a good and bad thing. They have a back room that is great to get seated in when you are with a big group but it does take away from the place a bit if you're in a smaller group. I'll update this when I eventually try a dinner meal."]
["I really, really wish here were half stars - because I'd give Posto a solid 3.5 stars.  I was SO excited to try Posto - being a pizza and wine junkie - I thought - what could be better?  Pizza and wine?  I was so excited that I arrived an hour before meeting a friend, and sat at the bar with a glass of wine.  This is where Posto lost a star for me.  I have to say - the wine list, while extensive, is also EXPENSIVE.  There were very few glasses of wine that were under $12, and that was even on the cheaper side.  There were several glasses (including a prosecco) that were very cheap - which makes me nervous.  The wonderful bartender gave me several wines to taste, and I settled on a tasty red, but I have to say - a big disappointed in the prices.  For a 'wine bar' I'd expect a number of glasses in the $7-12 range.  Really - there were very few.  \n\nOkay - 'nuff said on that note.  My friend arrived, we ordered the octupus salad - which was delish - but note there are olives in it (I hate olives).  We also got the rosemary bread (which they charged for..I think it warranted being free) which was a pile of salt in my mouth.  I ordered a mushroom pizza which was totally and completely amazing and delicious.  I LOVE LOVE LOVE egg on pizza (strange, I know) and they offer that as an option, which is great.  My friend got a salad and she loved it.  I thought the prices for the food were reasonable, but again - the wine pricing was a bit high for my taste.\n\nSo - basically - I'll definitley go back, Posto lost a star for it's expensive wine, but the pizza was delish - oh and the bartender (we are bar people) was great.  Now let's just hope it stays!"]
['Great environment, cozy and perfect illumination which makes the restaurant perfect for a date. I ordered a taste of 2 different wines before making a decision on a bottle. The waiter Marcelo was prompt and in a few seconds , my boyfriend and I had the samples. We ordered a sausage pizza that was delicious made on a brick oven. The pizza could have been just a little bigger and the actual size is not enough for 2 people. Fast and friendly service.']
["I really enjoyed my time at Posto, the ambiance in the restaurant is awesome which is enough to get me to come back, since I live in the neighborhood. The food was alright, the pasta was really fresh and good, but the sauces and meats were nothing special. The service was a bit erratic, my food came out pretty cold, but my sister's bolognese was piping hot. The server seemed to disappear for a while, but they always had people around to take care of us. The prices were reasonable, and the pizza looked amazing, so I'll definitely be back. But the food we had was nothing special."]
['Upon reading their listing in the Somerville Scout, I figured I might want to check this place out.  I first tried to go to this place on a Saturday night around 7:00 pm and was greeted with a long wait, so I tried again two weeks later on a Saturday but around 5:45 pm.  This time I was able to get in with no wait or trouble at all.\n\nI started my meal with the "Crispy Pig Ears" which I found to have a flaky batter, similar to that of calamari.  It was seasoned very nicely with the familiar pork/bacon flavor, and if you can imagine eating cartilage then you\'d have a good idea of what eating this was like.\n\nFor the main course though, my fiancee ordered the Margherita Pizza.  It was good, but wasn\'t particularly memorable.  If you like a slightly chewier crust with that brick over flavor then you might enjoy this pizza.\n\nI however opted to go for the Braised Lamb (a Saturday special), which I have to say was excellent.  Extremely soft and full of flavor on top of polenta with juicy cherry tomatoes and shallots.  I really enjoyed this, and would suggest this to anyone in the mood for a filling meal.\n\nThe service was perfectly fine for me, I thought our waitress did an excellent job of serving us.  An enjoyable experience!']
['We had a wonderful meal at this restaurant last night. \n\nAtmosphere: Very nice, a little loud, but in a good way. Not a quiet, romantic place - but we were not looking for that. \n\nFood: Fantastic. We ordered spaghetti and meatballs for my 3 year old, arugula salad, gnocchi with short rib wine sauce, and 2 pizzas for us. We loved everything. Gnocchi were perfectly prepared, sauce was bold and flavorful, and the pizzas were great, thin crusts. Plenty of leftover for lunch today. \n\nWine: great selection and I love that you can get almost all by the glass, half bottle, and whole bottle. \n\nService: Very helpful and friendly. We came with a 3 year old and infant (on the early side of course, 5pm) and they could not have been more accommodating.   We loved the little touches like elegant breadsticks to start, our own canteen of water, salt grinder on the table.\n\nThis may become our go-to Italian spot in Cambridge.']
['One of the most original menus I\'ve seen in a long time. Lots of one-of-a-kind pizzas. For example, pork, peaches, red onion, and arugula on a white pizza... Um, YES please. Everything we ordered was delicious. We got the porchetta pizza (that\'s the pork/peach one), ravioli (crab etc in pasta covered in a pea puree, which sounds like baby food but tastes awesome), and some tomato salad that I can\'t remember the name of. Our waitress was kind enough to recommend a wine that was both affordable and delicious. I have to say, I don\'t know why other reviewers weren\'t allowed to drink on the patio--maybe they went after the "curfew," which says you can\'t drink outdoors after ten or so. Because we sat outside and had wine with our dinner, and it was great.\n\nWorth noting that Posto makes their own mozzarella cheese. Also, ask for vincotto with everything. It\'s a red wine reduction that they put on some of their dishes and I asked for a bowl of it so I could eat it with everything. Almost liked it better than the pizza.\n\nI took off a star simply because of cost. I understand that quality ingredients cost more than the crap they use at your regular pizza joint, but the pie was pretty expensive for its size. The ingredients are high-quality and they make for some amazing food, but still, $15 is a lot to pay for an "individual" pizza. The pizzas are actually pretty big for one person, but probably not enough for two to share unless you order appetizers or salads. Dinner for two (including a half carafe of one of the less expensive wines) cost us $50. I will definitely be going back, but I\'ll need to save up for a while first!']
["Really liked this place!  We visited from NY and couldn't pass up a Verace Pizzeria Napoletana while in Boston.  We were seated promptly with reservations and started with some great cocktails.  We then moved onto some fried calamari and carpaccio for appetizers.  For our entrees, we decided to split 2 pizzas.  While they were very inventive, sometimes the simpler toppings are best and unfortunately there were few simple pizzas. Overall, this was a great place. Definitely a must try if you are in the area!"]
["I don't understand how I have never gone here until last night. We walked in with a reservation and still had to wait about 20 minutes to sit, that's how busy it was, which is a good sign. The hostess recommended the lemon arancini as an appetizer; I wish I could eat this every second of every day for the rest of my life. Everyone's pizzas were incredible, and my beef short rib gnocchi was outstanding. The only improvement I could think of was that the sauce could have been a bit thicker, but at this point I'm nitpicking. The bartenders even know how to make good cocktails. My ladyfriend's blood orange martini was great, not that I'd ever admit since it is not bourbon, but my old fashioned was spot on as well. The service was friendly and the decor was upscale yet comfortable. I can't wait to go back."]
["5 stars for service\n4 stars for semi-soggy pizza\nWe got:\n-caesar salad- delicious with an anchovy on top. light citrus flavor and not creamy\n-olive plate- good if sharing, too salty for one person\n-rosemary bread- could've done without. They use the pizza dough and some parts were waaaay to salty\n- salumi pizza- delicious toppings!! Somewhat crispy crust, But the middle got real soggy and required knife and forking. \n\nVery impressed with the service. Restaurant manager runs a tight ship! All the servers were always running around cleaning or setting tables. Water service was excellent! Our water glass was always full. \n\nWould definitely come back"]
["Pizzeria Posto has become one of my favorite places. Excellent wood fired pizza with a variety of flavor combinations. My friend and I shared the Salsiccia pizza which had fennel sausage, whipped ricotta, &amp; broccoli rabe. It was delicious! We also shared a salad w/ endive, gorgonzola picante, honey &amp; thyme vinaigrette as well as an order of Nonna's meatballs. It was plenty for the two of us to share. I'd recommend going this route anyhow as I find that you can try a few options at once and not break the bank. I had a nice glass of brut rose sparkling wine. My friend had a glass of red wine (I am not sure what she got though). At the end of our meal, I had a glass of Bailey's on the rocks and my friend had a cappuccino. Our total meal cost was about $80 plus tip (split between the two of us). Had we each ordered our own entrees vs. sharing, it would have been much more. The atmosphere at Posto is very cozy and warm. I always feel comfortable and relaxed when I am there. The staff is friendly, professional and accommodating. If you want an enjoyable dining experience, this is it."]
["Amazing brunch! I really can't wait to go back before we leave. Posto just gives you that warm comfortable feeling inside. I had the benedict which that spicy hollandaise was a nice kick. Hubby had the pork sopressata. I was a little surprised because I thought that the pork was going to be more diced than sliced but it all worked out. The crust could have been a little crispier but the we ate the entire pizza, no problem! I really like their cocktail list so a night of drinks here we come!"]
["Meh. I was so excited to try this place and was less than impressed with both the food and the service. Let's start with the food.\n\nI understand that a little char is a characteristic of wood oven pizza and I usually love it, but all 3 pizzas at our table were straight-up burned. There was minimal flavor from the pizza, as most of what you tasted was the burned crust. Not a good experience. The same was the case with our appetizers. I was very disappointed.\n\nAs for the service, I will say that the food came out very fast, so that was nice. Our server seemed to be overwhelmed and in the weeds the whole time, which I can normally respect having been a server for 7 years myself, but when she would come to our table, she seemed too flustered to give us any attention. She also had the softest voice I have ever heard (or not heard), which made it IMPOSSIBLE to hear her unless she was leaning in and talking directly to you. Makes it hard to order when you can't hear what your server is saying...\n\nOverall, I wouldn't say my experience was a bad one, but it was not good either. I could probably be talked into going again sometime, but it will be awhile."]
['Also, we got in just on-time for the whole roast pig. The price has gone up from $325 to $425. I guess we got a great deal!']
['Visted Posto with a group of 12. We were crammed up against a wall but the food and service were still great.']
['Brunch at Posto was outstanding!  My friend had the bacon and egg pizza and I had the french toast and both were amazing.  We ate at the bar and Marcello could not have been more helpful and gracious. Great atmosphere, delicious food, knowledgeable and friendly staff - will definitely be back!!']
["That black hole on Elm Street is now not only producing brick oven Neapolitan pizza, but has a full liquor license? I had to check it out.\n\nFirst the service: Yes, they're a little overwhelmed at the moment, but on a Friday night with virtually a line out the door, I had few complaints. We were quoted a 45 minute wait that ended up closer to 20, and I enjoyed the time at the bar sipping a well-made martini. A manager came over a couple of times to make sure we were doing OK, and the bar service was attentive if a bit distracted by the volume.\n\nOnce we had a table, our server was more than helpful in running down the menu, including checking with the chef on some food allergy issues and potential modifications.\n\nThe food arrived promptly and was tremendous, with great attention to detail. Touches like the mint on the delectable pork arancini or the lemon zest on the pomodoro pizza made all the difference.\n\nHopefully the crowds at this place settle down a bit, but not too much: If the black hole swallows up Pizzeria Posto I'll be sorely disappointed."]
["Posto's food is outstanding.  The ambience is great for a date or a night out with friends.  The staff is a little hit or miss....but the bartenders are all great!"]
['wtf wtf wtf...some of the worst pizza I have ever had. \n\nFor those of you who know what Naan bread is, think of that with pizza toppings on top of it. The crust literally tastes like Naan bread with pizza toppings. \n\nThe appetizers were also really bad...\n\nI really have no idea how this place is so popular...it really is awful.']
["I've been to Posto at least two other times since my first review, and I've been really impressed each time. Everything from the appetizers to the main course to the dessert has been a wonderful experience. You can tell that they only use the highest quality of ingredients (my understanding is that they use local or organic whenever possible). Each dish bursts with flavor. The service is friendly and prompt, and although the prices are a little higher than other Davis Square restaurants, it's well worth it. Also, the desserts are a bargain at about $5 each!"]
["I'd walked by this place many times, but never gone in before. So on my birthday last week we decided to check it out. We'd initially wanted to hit up another local pizza place for some pizza and bowling, but well you know the parking situation in Davis Square.\n\nAs we walked up to Posto it seemed sort of fancy so we were going to change our minds again. Afterall, we were dressed for an evening of bowling. (Jeans and tees) But I saw a guy in the window who was wearing a Mickey Mouse tee and figured we were safe. Luckily they had a table for us and we were pleasantly surprised by the delicious foods. We had Nonna's Meatballs and the Rosemary Sea Salt bread for appetizers which were just amazing. My girlfriend even commented on the quality of the meatballs rivaling her own recipe. And for the main course we had the Primavera pizza and the Honey Crisp Apple pizza. They were simply amazing. The crust was thin and perfect, not too doughy. Wood-fired pizza is always delicious to me and this is definitely one of the best. Since moving to Boston I've become somewhat the pizza snob and normally compare all other pizza places to Reginas or Stone Hearth... but this place is definitely in the top 3 for me.\n\nIf you want great atmosphere and delicious foods, stop by Posto! Or apparently make a reservation, as it seems on most nights you may need one, unless you luck up the way we did and find a free table."]
['Cannot get over the the fig, prosciutto, arugula, gorgonzola pizza--doubleplusgood!!!!']
["Oh my my my. I rarely give 5 stars, but this braised beef pasta dish is something I dream of...often. My dad took me out to this nice restaurant. Service was great, little fun bread sticks added some adventure. Is it a candle wick or a bread stick? Wine paired well with my dinner, and the dinner, man. I had never had braised beef before and have since been disappointed every other place I've tried it. Posto, I'm dreaming of you from Atlanta."]
["I agree with another Yelper, absolutely overpriced and overrated.\n\nI arrived here last Friday night around 7PM and put my name in and waited around for my friend to arrive, I asked if I needed a buzzer, but the hostess told me she'd just call my name. The lobby of the place was so small, after some time of getting asked to move around inside, I waited outside with my friend after she arrived. I was told the wait was 45min, around 8PM I went back inside to ask how much longer our wait was. The hostess told me we were the very next people to be called. Great. I went back outside and waited for another 15min with my friend, then went back inside. Two separate couples were being seated as I walked in, people that came in AFTER I put my name in. I asked the hostess again how much longer and she hesistated and said we were next. I never once heard her call anyone's name. I think she just thought we left even though we had to wait outside. Really frustrating.\n\nIt was about 8:30PM by the time we were seated, famished, we couldn't wait to order. Waiter was MIA for most of the night, we ordered some overpriced cocktails (Post Bellini- really not that great) and each of us ordered a pizza. My friend said her pizza was OK, I felt mine was goo-ey but the bottom and crust were so burnt, it tasted awful. On top of that, can I just talk about the salt for a second? OMG. It tasted like someone put a handful of salt on my pizza, it was really gross.\n\nWe left the restaurant at almost 10PM, the service was that insanely slow. I was really disappointed overall... definitely will not be coming back."]
["i love this place...have had positive experiences every time i've been.  \n\nthe specials are always great, and we've gotten at least one special item (whether it be an app or a pizza or cocktail) each time we've been, and we've loved them all!  seriously, throw a dart at the menu - you'll still be happy with what you get :)  presentation is simple, but thoughtful.  \n\ni'm a huge fan of the open kitchen/brick oven, and the high ceilings &amp; industrial building detail.  great lighting and ambiance all around.  i'd say this place is best for parties of 2-4 as the space isnt all that huge and tables can get crowded.\n\nthe only negative - if you can even call it that - is that they werent able to serve alcohol in outdoor seating areas as of last september '10...the hostess told me they were working on a permit, which i'm hoping they have/will get as the warm weather gets closer!  \n\nall-and-all a great place and a go-to on my mental list of area restaurant suggestions for sure!"]
["The pizza is amazing! They make their own cheese (and pasta, I hear), so that would account for the freshness. I would say it's a little too pricey (especially the drinks) for what you get, but using organic, local and homemade ingredients can't be cheap. The prices aren't so high that they prevent me from going anyway!"]
['Had dinner with friends last night.  Disappointed that the parking lot had maybe 8 spots and had to deal with meter feeding. Pizza was really tasty, had the sausage and mushroom pizza(s).  Mussels were in red sauce,not wine and croutons as we normally expect.  Chocolate torta and tiramisu were huge and very good. Would love to try out their pig roast option for a party sometime...']
["Dinner for 4 - 4 drinks, 2 pizzas, 1 bread appetizer - $90\n\nLikes:\n- The rosemary bread\n- The pepper infused olive oil\n- The pizza\n- The callback (we arrived with no reservations.  They took my number down and called me back earlier than promised time.  Good hosting!)\n- Overall ambiance (if it wasn't for the music)\n- Overall attentive service \n\nDislikes:\n- Music - too loud and poor music choice.  \n     As a friend of mine described it, sounded like you are watching a movie and somebody is about to be sacrificed, and then another track that sounded like a truck backing up.  You are a high-end pizza place, in Davis Square.  Your average clientele is not going to a trance club or looking to dance (and there wasn't space for your robot-moves even if you did want to dance).  \n     Turn down the volume!  I  actually guessed what the waitress was telling us about the menu (and I hoped that she had heard what I ordered)\n     Play simpler classical music or some Italian music or other light-fare, and let the people have a conversation!  \n\n- Price - now I know you a certified Neapolitan Pizza place...but really...either price it a little lower (drinks and pizza), or make the servings a little bigger so you feel like you received your money's worth!  We probably could have chowed down another pie (and felt guilty about it later...but its PIZZA!) but we didn't knowing the bill in the making."]
["Tried Posto for the first time and was pleasantly surprised.   For some reason, I had been less than motivated to visit the former Carberry's site.   I am glad I got over that.\n\nFood -  Started with  a range of items from the Lamb Brasato, Beef Short Rib Gnocchi (app size), Nonna's Meatballs, olives and the lemon anchovy salad.   Delicious.   I was partial to the short ribs and gnocchi.  There's nothing like light, pillowy gnocchi with tender braised beef.    Pizza  choices were the Honeycrisp Apple and Prosciutto, both were very good but the apple seemed to be a table favorite.   The prosciutto was prepared with large slices of prosciutto layered on top after coming out of the oven...  perfect.\n\nDesert - Tiramisu and Choc cherry tort were generously portioned and delicious.  \n\nService - Stellar.  Friendly, attentive and personal. \n\nValue - The food is priced appropriately.   It's good, high quality food.  You  get what you pay for."]
["We used Posto to caterer our rather large wedding (185 people) on Cape Cod and Posto was amazing! Honestly, they were the highlight of our reception. The food was so fresh and delicious- and everyone loved the fact that the pizza was being made right in front of their eyes! \n\nThe staff was wonderful -- we felt so comfortable with Edson, Jamie and the rest of the crew. They made wonderful suggestions about appetizers and pizza choices. And when it started raining- they helped move the tables and were competely accomodating.  \n\nEverything was simply perfect! Even the way the table the pizzas were on was decorated in a beautiful way. \n\nI couldn't recommend Posto more for any event, of any size. We were SO happy!"]
["I've been several times since my first review, and I must say, it's broken the curse of that spot.  The tweaks they've made to the decor have definitely made it as cozy as possible.   The pizzas have been consistently good.  I'd love to see more salad options on the menu, but really enjoy their take on the caesar salad with tiny bits of shaved parm and mini croutons.  This place is a keeper.  I'm happy to see it doing well!"]
["The atmosphere is vibrant and cool and the food matches the vibe.  They have a nice selection of wines and beer and great food.  It can be crowded and frequented by young folks, so if you're young you'll fit right in, if your not, then you'll feel cool and hip and get some good grub"]
["Sophisticated Italian food in Davis Square that would easily fit in the South End or Back Bay and charge more money.\n\nWent for dinner after a movie at the Davis Square Theater.  It is a little way outside of the center, but still a short walk.\n\nCreative drink menu, so I never ordered wine.\n\nShared the caramelized fig and onion pizza.  Flavorful char to the crust - you can taste that wood fire!  The bacon could have been crispier and cut in smaller pieces rather than just draped on top of the pie.  The Gorgonzola crema was on the milder side, which might be better for some palates, but I like stinky cheese so would have preferred stronger.\n\nAll of the pasta could be ordered in half portions, which is great.  I had a half order of the carbonara for my entree and good thing I ordered only the half.  It was quite large for a half portion and a small amount of the the cream sauce went a long way because it was incredibly rich.  It was a bit heavier than a traditional carbonara, but I loved the addition of the roasted pork belly.\n\nDid not have room for dessert.\n\nBe aware, the main room can be extremely loud when it's full."]
['Posto is just far away enough from the center of Davis Square that you can enjoy a meal with out all the noise. I was feeling a bit indecisive on my rating for Posto but after considering the category it falls into I went with four stars. Don\'t go into Posto expecting food that blows you away, just expect good honest food. Lemon arancini were a nice supplement to the rice balls I normally eat at 3a on Hanover St. The pizza was good and the spicier oil on the table complemented the char from the wood oven very well. The chicken al "Mattone" was also good. I guess the thing with Posto is just expect it to be a restaurant focused on pizza and pastas (evident in the menu). It is not the type of place I would reserve a table for three weeks ahead of time. All being said I walk back in any day.']
["I went to this place on a Friday night right after it opened, hoping to get a taste of some legit Italian food close to home. \n\nFirst thing, the food. The margherita pizza is the closest pizza I've had in Boston to pizza I ate back in Italy (I lived there for 18 years). The sea salt bread was also delicious and came to us piping hot. The salad my gifriend had was looked tasty but I didn't try it. She enjoyed it anyway.  Her pizza, with artichokes and some other toppings, tried a little too hard to be fancy. I was good, but nothing fantastic. \n\nSecond, th service. I have to concur with what a lot of people have already said, it's slow. The staff was clearly getting a feel of the place still, and it showed. That said, the manager gave us a free appetizer while we waited for a seat and the bartender comped 2 of our drinks because we waited a bit for the food to come out. We weren't really in a hurry and we already had am appetizer in our stomachs so this was nice. \n\nLastly, the drinks. The wine is pretty standard fare, nothing really jumped out at me though they did have real prosecco which made me happy. The cocktails aren't cheap but they are tasty. \n\nI'm going to try this place again and hope the service gets a little faster.  Try the simple stuff, they certainly do that well, and be prepared to wait a bit in the meantime!"]
["Posto is a lovely place to wander into with someone you love when it's cold out. The atmosphere is amazing-a tad dark for someone with night blindness issues, but beautiful and inviting. I love a spot where you can see the food being made in front of you-it adds a note of pride in what they are making.\nOur waiter was  a source of amusement...while she was sweet, she was also a class-1 clinger. She must have filled up my water glass 10 times over a 45 minute meal. I'm great, thanks for asking, if I wanted this much doting, I'd call my mom.\nThe food was good, not spectacular. I appreciated their understanding of flavors. We ordered the arancini (as this was The Great Arancini Search), the olives, and the Mushroom pizza. There are plenty of vegetarian options, which was great. There were a LOT of olives, and served by themselves-I love olives, but a cup and a half without bread? Sad, especially because this may be the only Italian restaurant you go to that doesn't give a bread basket (hair thin breadsticks, one for each diner, doesn't count). The oil marinade for the olives was really delicious, though.\nThe pumpkin arancini were good, not great-the star of the dish was the marinara sauce, which ironically overpowered any potential pumpkin flavor. They were also not as hot on the inside as I was expecting-my dining partner suspected they had been frozen before frying. \nThe pizza was really delicious, and certainly big enough to split. The cheese is fresh made in house, so that was of course amazing, but the flavors of the lemon and arugala gave it all enough edge to cut through the denser cheese and earthy mushroom flavors. It was a delight-the crust was PERFECT. \nAll in all, I really like this place-I'll go back. The neighborhood is wonderful for wandering, especially to grab dessert, as the dessert menu is short and unimpressive. Their pricing is very reasonable, and I'd choose here over anywhere in the North End. Check it out."]
["I cannot say enough good things about Posto. Before this place opened, I never really had a restaurant that I would go back to over and over again. But this place changed all that. If I don't make it there at least twice a month, the cravings really set in. \n\nBefore getting to the food, let me tell you about the space. The place has a great energy, good music (not too loud), and good lighting (not to dark, not too bright). The place is also impeccably clean at all times, and believe me, the bright sun coming from the large front windows would easily show off any spots on their dark tables. \n\nThe tables are also nicely spaced out. Even when the place is packed, which it often is when I am there, I am never bumping into people or feeling cramped. \n\nThe service - Again, impeccable. I have had numerous servers over my many, many visits and I have never had bad service. They are friendly, knowledgeable and totally on top of things. From the constant refilling of water from a cute table-side jug without asking to new silverware after a course to the folding of my napkin when I go to the restroom - this place strives to impress. And they do impress. \n\nNow the food. I have never been an adventurous pizza eater. I pretty much stick to pepperoni and sausage. But when this place opened I decided to experiment because the pizza combinations always sounded so interesting. I have had about 8 different types of pizzas there and although I have my favorites, I have never had a bad one or even one that I would describe as less than very good. \n\nWhat I like about this place is that they are always trying out new things. Every time I come back there is a new pizza on the menu that catches my eye and I give it a try. I will say that the Calabrese pizza was awesome as well as Posto's sausage pizza. If like spicy, try out the sopressata. I also had a DELICIOUS fig pizza which was just incredible. When they first opened they also had a simple prosciutto pizza that was my absolute favorite. The saltiness of the meat combined with the the reduction was just a perfect combination. And to Posto's credit, even though this pizza is off the menu, any time that I have come in and wanted it they have been happy to make it for me. Now that's a place that cares about their guests. \n\nWith all their pizzas you are guaranteed an awesome crust. Thin (but not too thin), crispy on the outside (but not too crispy) and chewy on the inside (but not too chewy). Yum. \n\nI love the pizza so much that I will always get it when I go there but then I realized I was missing out on their pasta dishes. My wife and I split a half-order of the crab tortellini as an appetizer and it was amazing. I will definitely be ordering that again. \n\nBut if you have to pick just one appetizer, you have to go with the meatballs. The sauce is delicious and the smothering of cheese on top just makes these the best meatballs around. \n\nAs for the prices, they are on par with similar places that do gourmet pizzas (although I haven't found another place that comes close to Posto). I'm a bit of a cheapskate myself and typically a VERY hungry diner so when I first started going to Posto, I was initially hesitant about paying $15-16 for a personal pizza. I got over that very quickly because these pizzas are not only a decent size but very filling and worth every penny. I think Posto's pizzas have gone down in prices just a bit since they opened (which I'm happy to see) but I would gladly pay the old prices to get what I got. \n\nOne last thing - free PARKING! I usually avoid Davis Square because of dealing with parking but Posto has it. Not too many spaces but I've only not been able to park in a Posto spot once or twice. And of course I would be happy to have to search for parking to eat at this place. \n\nIf you haven't been there, you have to give it a shot. \n."]
['Tried this out last friday night and it was packed.  The hostess seemed to be having trouble keeping up and told us it would be a 45 minute wait for a table.  We took some seats at the bar (only to see 3 tables open up 15 minutes later).  Hopefully, this will improve with time.\n\nThe ambiance is a little in consistent.  Lovely bar, but uncomfortable stools, tables seem to fit more into a sandwich shop than a up-scale pizza shop.\n\nMeatball appetizer was the highlight.  We also had the olives which a $2 portion instead of a $5 one would have been better for 2 people.  We had the shiitake pizza.  The mushrooms made the pizza, any bit without them was a bit bland.  Would have loved some thyme.']
['We happened upon this place when I said "Let\'s get italian food...wait, where do you get good italian food in Cambridge/Somerville?" It was 7pm-ish on Sunday and the place was busy, but not overly so. The service and atmosphere was exceptional. Everyone was friendly and seemed to genuinely care about our dining experience. Our waitress was charming, recommending things and answering our many many questions. How rare is that, particularly at a place that does not cost a fortune? The prices were very, very reasonable for the delightfulness that we were served. We ended up having arancini as an app, carbonara and gnocchi as entrees and panna cotta for desert. Everything was just right for the season, with touches of lemon here and there, fresh artichoke hearts, and so on. Delicious. And I didn\'t even gasp when the bill came.']
["Food, drinks and service were outstanding.  A member of our party has a lactose intolerance. Wait person was sensitive and diligent,returning once or twice when discovering that there was lactose in dishes ordered that from the menu didn't appear to have milk products only to discover they were involved in the preparation. Many restaurants completely blow this part of their business. Posto was exceptional."]
["This is a great pizza bistro where the food and service is consistently good!  I just wish I could remember what was in that red Martini I had the last time!  I could've downed several of those!\n\nI need to try some other dishes here, but I keep having the pizza because it's so good!  The mozzarella is made fresh at the restaurant daily, and mmmmm, it is good!\n\nDon't miss out on the meatballs covered with mozzarella cheese appetizer!  My friend and I actually count the number of meatballs to make sure the other one does get an extra meatball!  So tender!!!  And out of this world!\n\nThe only minus is the noise level is little high for my taste - but it's not going to keep me from coming back to here!"]
["Great option for Napoli style pizza in the Boston area. I'd heard there are hit nights and miss nights with respect to the salt content and the charredness of the pizza, but I was there on a good night.\n\n1. Bad: The taglietelle we had was not egg pasta, so not as chewy/springy yet velvety texture as Sportello. Maybe it was even dried pasta; I think Gran Gusto, Via Matta, and Sportello are both infinitely better bets if you want good pasta. Also, table spacing is a little awkward such that one waitress spilled chili oil all over the table and then another proceeded to knock it off and spill all over the floor. I don't blame them, but either do something about the lay out or be mindful that sometimes it's better to walk 3 more feet going ROUND a table rather than squeeze through a 10 inch space!!\nAlso, really loud in there.\n\n2. Good: Appetizers are correctly cooked, and there are really good options too. There is a room that can be closed off, so Posto can be a good venue for a banquet. Pizzas are stellar. Top notch ingredients: chewy, nutty mozarella and pristine tomato sauce (preferable to Gran Gusto's), crust/dough was like fireworks in my mouth as I was chewing.\n\n3. Suggestions: The pizza sizes are kind of awkward. Too large for one person, too small for two people. Also, I think having a larger pizza size will be good for balancing the Toothy, smoky, crusty edge-crust vs. the Soft, soupy, chewy middle-area. It's that 1% too much crusty edge at the status quo that made the pizza fantastic but not perfect."]
["We went on a Thursday night in the summer and sat outside, which was quite nice (except that you can't order alcohol outside). We all ordered pizzas and thought that they were good but not great, and probably not worth the price ($12-16 for an individual pizza). The service was surprising slow for a week night. We thought at first that the problem was a pizza oven that looked much too small to handle a full restaurant's worth of orders, but then it took over 20 minutes to get coffee. \n\nI doubt we will be going back, not when there's better, cheaper, and faster options in the area."]
["Went here last Saturday night and were told that if we didn't have reservations we'd have to wait at least and hour and half. Although this was pretty discouraging, the extremely friendly hostess made sure to make us feel like it was a priority to seat us and we decided to stay and have a couple of drinks in the 'lounge'. She came over several times to let us know about the progress and ended up being able to  fit us in, in 45 minutes. \n\nI'm glad we stayed too. We shared the goat cheese bruschetta appetizer which was delicious as well as the 'Honeycrisp Apple Pizza'. Kind of heavenly if you ask me. Anyways, I would definitely go again but would think about making reservations for a Friday/Saturday night."]
['My husband and I went to Posto in Somerville, Massachusetts last night.   We had some business in the area so we thought we\'d try it out.  First of all, we drove around for at least 10 minutes looking for a place to park.  We got a fair enough table, however, it was incredibly uncomfortable being so close to other patrons separated only by glass.  Also, the restaurant was so loud we had to shout at each other in order to talk.  We can overlook these things if we want to go to a good restaurant.  We had what we considered a very nice waitress.  We ordered drinks that were tasty and a side of calamari which was chewy (but not tough) and had no flavor.  The items on the menu sounded so good, however, I didn\'t give any thought about the appetizer.  In fact, they sounded that good that I was already planning to come back and try some more.  \n\nSo why a bad review?  Because we were there for over an hour, ordered only ONE pizza and never got served.  After about 30 minutes, the waitress came over and said they were backed up but our pizza would be right out (this was the only time she came over to us in that period).   She also mentioned that it only took about 30 seconds to put it in the oven so just a few minutes longer.???\nShe then had the nerve to ask if there was anything she could get for us while we waited.  We weren\'t sure what that meant since we still hadn\'t gotten our pizza!!!  \n\nWhile we waited for the pizza that was coming "right out" we watched three sets of new patrons order and receive their meals, including appetizers AND pizza.  It was when the couple next to us (who had literally been seated for maybe 10-15 minutes), ordered and got their pizza, while we still waited that we blew up.  WE WERE SO INSULTED AND COULDN\'T BELIEVE HOW LOUSY WE WERE BEING TREATED!!!!\n\nI told the manager how insulted I was, my husband paid the waitress telling her why we were getting up and leaving, and we left!  WE WILL NEVER GO BACK TO THIS RESTAURANT AGAIN!!!  I WILL BE SURE TO LET EVERYONE KNOW WHAT KIND OF TREATMENT WE RECEIVED AND MAKE SURE THEY NEVER GO EITHER!!']
["Food is amazing, service could be better. I recommend calling ahead as there can be a long wait for a table, even mid week. We ended up grabbing two seats at the bar when they opened up. It took a long time for the bartender to take our drink order and even longer for the food order. When he did come over to us he was attentive and very friendly. The food was amazing. I highly recommend getting the anti pasto plate while you're waiting for your meal, it was extremely well done. I would definitely go back, though I might try to hit a less busy time or call ahead to avoid the wait."]
["I've been to Posto several times and I'm never disappointed. The pizza is delicious, light and filling at the same time. They have a great wine selection and their own preservation technique. The meatballs, mussels and bruschetta are all great starter choices. For pizza, I'd recommend the mushroom. Great atmosphere and definitely worth a visit if you're in Davis and looking for a quieter, more intimate setting."]
["Last night I was treated by my fiance' and friends to a surprise pig roast with all the fixins at Posto for my 30th birthday.   It was a dinner I'll never forget.  12 of us, after being introduced to our own suckling piglet, stuffed our faces.   If you're looking for a unique idea for a gathering or celebration, this is just wonderful.  So unique, delicious, and special.  The presentation was beautiful, everything delicious, the service impeccable, great atmosphere.  Just fabulous.  Thank you Posto!"]
["Eh.\nNothing great. Nothing bad.\nAverage. Adequate. \n\nIt did not make my taste buds dance in delight.\nNor did it make them scream in pain.\n\nBeen there once. \nNeed never be twice or thrice. \nAgreed upon by the three with me.\n\nI almost didn't write this review because it's nothing to write home about. Nice atmosphere though, so if it's your cup of tea - a nice addition to Davis Square."]
["Ate at Posto for the first time last night, and was really impressed by the food. I was skeptical when we first walked in, since it looks like any other large-plan mall  restaurant in America. But the food was delicious, the drinks quality, and the service attentive and helpful.\n\nThe shining star was the potato gnocchi with short rib. One of the best short rib dishes I've tasted, and I'm a frequent fan of short ribs. The gnocchi was clearly homemade and incredibly light, and sitting on top of about an inch of braised short rib in a mild yet flavorful sauce. \n\nThe pizza was equally impressive, and I'm a Jersey born NY pizza snob. Thick, chewy crust, and a great variety of toppings. Ours had tomatoes, fresh mozz, arugula and soppresata. Yum!\n\nWe'll definitely return."]
["Pretty good, but not amazing.  I would go 3.5 if it were an option.\n\nStarted w the arancini appetizer, which was essentially just a piece of fried cheese; the risotto was conspicuously absent.  Seems like the fryer wasn't at the right temp or something too, b/c they were pretty greasy.\n\nCaesar salad was adequate, but not amazing.  Added white anchovy fillets to the salad, which themselves were fantastic, but at $1 a fillet a bit steep.\n\nFor pizza I ordered the sausage.  The pizza was quite good, but a little heavy on the cheese, which made for a pretty dense slice, and I usually tend to think of flat bread pies as being on the lighter side.  But, the sausage itself was delicious, and the combination of flavors in this particular pie worked very well, especially w a drizzle of the subtly spicy chili oil.\n\nThe hazelnut gellato was a fine desert that paired very well w the hint cinnamon in the biscotti.\n\nStaff was very nice &amp; attentive.  \n\nBiggest complaints: beer selection &amp; pricing!  $7 for a Jack D'Or is not ok, though I was happy to see it on tap.  And the chairs at the bar are incredibly uncomfortable"]
["Been here once-- I would say pizza is definitely very good, atmosphere is nice, but overall, just too overpriced for pizza.. $15 or more for a 1 person serving is a bit much considering that the ingredients of pizza are really cheap. Also, had tiramisu too and that wasn't very good at all. It was a huge slice (think half of a cake size), but very tasteless. In general, if someone else were paying, I would gladly go back and be excited about it but I wouldn't go back otherwise. Final tip is, it gets very crowded on weekdays and weekends, better make a reservation if you can."]
["Ever since I moved to Davis Square, I have been coming to Posto regularly.  Posto is fantastic for many reasons, some of which include the wood fired pizza, the vast (and affordable) wine list, and the constantly changing menu.\n\nFirst, the menu: When we first started eating here in the summer, the menu was simple and fairly consistent.  A bunch of pizzas and a couple of pasta and apps.  Now, as the seasons are changing, it changes and grows every time I am there- literally week to week.  This is fantastic because they continue to add non-pizza entrees, and I know that their ingredients are seasonal.  (From Summer to Fall, lemon arancini are now pumpkin arancini, asparagus pizza is now brussels sprouts.)  I just hope that none of my favorite dishes disappear!\n\nAt Posto, they understand the beauty of simplicity in food.  Their spaghetti carbonara absolutely knocks my socks off!  Such a simple dish, but their version is so rich, creamy and flavorful, full of crisp pancetta and savory shallots...  There is really never a time when I don't want that dish.  The beet salad is simple, but bright and beautiful, only made slightly disappointing by a ridiculously over-salted cracker accompaniment.  The pizzas are thin in the center with a big bubbly outer crust.  One of my favorites is the asparagus (now brussels sprout) pizza with an egg cracked over the middle before cooking.  The asparagus is lace thin and crisp and delicious.  Egg on pizza is something I loved in Italy, but don't often see in the US.  My man goes for the Tuscano pizza, a bold salami, pepper and garlic pizza with generous helpings of all three.  The rosemary sea salt fries are another knockout (although currently off the menu).\n\nPosto also has a nice looking cocktail menu that I haven't spent much time with and a lovely wine selection, plus plenty of delicious and interesting beers on tap and in bottles, including Smuttynose, Peroni (of course), and my personal favorite, Original Sin hard cider.  They are also in possession of a fancy Italian preservation machine that lets them serve even the most expensive wines by the glass.  The dessert menu is simple, featuring just a few items like extremely sweet but tasty mini cannoli, a large but masterful and heavily espresso flavored tiramisu, and a classic Italian affogato served with biscotti.\n\nThe decor is dark and sleek.  Every time I come here, I cringe because I am wearing jeans but then I realize that nearly everyone else is too.  Moving the host stand and adding a sitting area was a brilliant idea that makes the whole place feel a notch classier (and me a notch schlubbier in my jeans).  Service is consistently excellent and the bartenders are friendly.  There is also a lovely patio for the warmer months.  Posto is among my favorite restaurants and although I have just written quite a lot about it, anytime I have visitors in town Posto is the place I bring them, and I feel like that speaks for itself."]
['Pizzeria Posto\'s biggest problem is that it is incredibly over priced. My dining companion and I could not shake the feeling that we were being taken for all we were worth. You even have to pay for bread - which, while common in Europe, is rather déclassé for an American eatery. The portions were shockingly small, and frankly the food was unimpressive. If you\'re going to pay that much for that little food, the dishes need to be spectacular, and it was not even "just decent." Fifty dollars later, we literally both left hungry (and confused) - not to mention hot, since the A/C was broken that night, which they didn\'t even apologize for. Save yourself some trouble if you want pizza and just pick any place in the North End. I can\'t even imagine returning to this restaurant a second time.']
['Over hyped....\n\nMy overall experience at Posto was pretty bad. To start with the service was awful, to be honest I rather the staff not smile and be served well then a bunch of smiling staff who are bad at their job. We were waiting for a table for two when a group of three came in ans asked the hostess if there was await, she said yes \'but there is only one group ahead of you". As they were speaking a group of 3 got up from another table and one person from the waiting group said "can we have that table\' the hostess smiled and gave it to them! Didn\'t even acknowledge that I saw the whole interaction and she didn\'t say anything to me. Our waiter "captain smiley" gave us room temperature water which had an awful odor...that was great for a 90 degree day. He also served us our meal (which I will get into) before our appetizer and said "sorry but this was at another table.\n\nThe food...wow the set the owner has on him!!! We both got the crab tortellini. The actual pasta they were made of was absolutely nothing to write home about but the crab meat was fresh. They were served in a very watery sauce and in a very hot plate which made me wonder why...was in microwaved, was it cooked in the plate...if so that not the traditional way to prepare tortellini or any stuffed pasta for that matter. Oh and the wonderful part was that there are 8 tortellini for 18 dollars!!! We thought the waiter gave us the half order but he didn\'t. The appetizer was "fresh rosemary and sea salt bread" the waiter asked if we wanted oil to dip it, we said yes, the next time he came over was to give us the check. The bread might have fresh rosemary in it on some days but ours did not.\n\nSo for a total of poor service, 16 tortellini, a piece of salty pizza dough and a one glass of wine it came to 46 dollars. I don\'t know what there pizza is like but Lilly\'s pasta shop in Everett is a fraction of the price and exponentially better in taste and quality.']
["I like Posto.  The food is good.  Love the pizzas.  They have a nice bar menu too (good wines, beer, etc).  My only complaint is the service.  Last time I was there the bartender could not understand what I was asking for (language barrier?) and the waitress stopped by the table way too much to ask how we were doing (note: if we haven't taken a bite of food, don't ask how it is).  I guess that's better than lousy service though!  I'll defintely go back and hope that as the restaurant grows, they can fix those issues."]
["BOOM....Loved it! If you want to eat a pizza grab some Dominos, if you want to experience pizza come here. The ingredients are fresh and gourmet and the pizza is cooked perfectly. The ambiance is great, unless you go for outside seating which is just on the sidewalk. If you like bike riders and dogs as part of your experience go for it,  I can't help but imagine the scene from Big Daddy where they throw sticks in front of all the bike riders and watch them fall. Biggest surprise was they brought us a cannoli with the check because it was out first time, it was the perfect way to end the meal. They are known for their pizza but I can't wait to come back and try some of the other entrees they have."]
["It was our first time here and we will definitely be coming back! It was an overall excellent experience, with delicious food, great service, and a pleasant atmosphere. We started off with the arancini appetizer which was a bit pricy at $9.95 for four pieces, but they were very good with excellent tomato sauce. I ordered the margarita pizza, which was pretty much perfect. Amazing crust, great flavor, and a generous amount of fresh mozzarella. Definitely among the best pizzas I've had anywhere. My wife had the sweet corn risotto, which was incredible. It was clear that the corn in it was very fresh.\n\nThe excellent food was accompanied by a good drink list from which we enjoyed a few beers. Our server, Amber, was very friendly and attentive - the one thing that keeps the service from being truly excellent was her request that we keep our silverware after the appetizer, rather than clear it with the dishes and bring new settings. She more than made up for that with complimentary cannoli that she surprised us with at the end of the meal.\n\nI'm already looking forward to my next Posto pizza!"]
['place sucks!  i ordered a pick-up order here last night and i was very disappointed.  i was told it was going to be ready in 15 minutes.  i got there about 17 minutes later and when i got home (5 minutes later) the pizza i got was not even close to warm and extremely soggy.  i think the pizza was made before i even called.  i also got a cesar salad that my wife said was pretty good and a "full" order of gnocchi with short rib.  the gnocchi was literally tasteless and the "full" plate was more like a tapas selection.\ni hate that fact that these three items cost almost $50 and sucked out loud.  i could have had a nice sit down dinner at a restaurant and not have paid $50 with tip.']
["Living just down the street has enabled me to go to Posto literally dozens of times. That should tell you how much I like it! The service is friendly and unobtrusive, the setting is pleasant, and the food is very good.\n\nAbout the food. They are serving the Verace pizza napoletana, and as an Italian I can say they have it almost right. I've taken a star off of my review because they seem to be a bit inconsistent. Generally, everything is very good: crust well baked, not too much cheese. But periodically, it is like eating at a different restaurant (soggy pizzas, loads of cheese). They, without a shadow of a doubt, over sauce their pizzas. Mind you, it is a good sauce (San Marzano), but there is too much. They use Fior di latte mozzarella, which is fine, but (and, for me, this is a big deal) they really need to have mozzarella di bufala on the menu as an option. It is almost comic that they do not. It would be nothing for them to add it (perhaps the diner would pay extra for the option), and it would add credibility, not to mention gastronomic pleasure, to their establishment. \n\nAs for the other food? Meh. I wouldn't know. In Italy, you do not go to a pizzeria to order pasta and salad, and thus I do not order anything but pizza. They have a good drink menu (but beer pairs best with pizza). \n\nAll in all, it is the only true pizza in Boston and worth a trip. Un buon lavoro."]
['Posto is one of the finest restaurants in the Boston area.  I have dined at Posto for both brunch and dinner--both experiences were exceptional.  \n\nAt first glance one might think that Posto is just another pizzeria, but it is so much more.  Posto offers an innovative menu--comprised of creative pizza selections and inspired entrees.  The meatball pizza is awesome and the fish stew is amazing!  \n\nThe evolving cocktail menu offers classic cocktails with a modern twist.  (One of my favorites--the Gin Gin Mule!)  The wine list also offers a vast selection of fine wines both by the glass and the bottle at reasonable prices.\n\nThe atmosphere is awesome--Its a very comfortable, modern, relaxing, and upscale.  The tables are spread out and not on top of each other.   There is a great winebar and even a small room in the back for larger parties--really the perfect environment for any function.  We had a firm dinner at Posto and it was a perfect evening.\n\nFinally the service is great!  The host at the door is very welcoming and the wait staff is on top of making sure that your evening is relaxing and enjoyable.  While I was at dinner, the restaurant was packed--yet the waitress checked-in several times to make sure that everything was fine and to see if we needed anything.\n\nWhile there are so many restaurants in Boston and the surrounding suburbs---Posto truly is a gem.  I would recommned it for any occasion and I look forward to many many more visits!']
["Went here a second time for dinner and again, SO soo good. Finally got to try the pizza and it did not disappoint - had the Mushroom pizza and it was divine, with big portobello mushrooms drizzled all over with olive oil (and definitely enough for two to share). Also got to try some cocktails this time, the 5 o'clock Somewhere, with St. Germain and grapefruit juice, and the Blood Orange martini. Delish. Goat cheese bruschetta, polenta and lemon arancini are hands-down the best apps on the menu and crowd pleasers. Having now gone here with my two Italian foodie friends who also loved it, I know I'm not being biased based on the location, so I'm going to have to recommend it to people near and far!"]
['On Christmas Eve 2013 five of us had the special holiday menu, the "Feast of the Seven Fishes," at Posto\'s. All of us agreed that the service, the presentation, and all the courses were PERFECTION. On a scale from 1 to 10, this ranked a 20! All of us look forward to repeat this delicious dinner next Christmas Eve.']
['Ok so I was craving some dessert at 9:45pm so I sought the advice of the almighty google and saw that Posto was open until 11pm (hours posted on yelp and their very own website). We get to the door and the waitress tells us "sorry, we just closed." WHAT!!!???!!! Who closes at 9:45pm?? Especially when you are listed as open till 11pm?? I was furious. They totally lost my business that night! We\'ll see if I ever frequent this fine dining establishment again!']
["Date night on a Thursday night. We happily grabbed a spot at the bar, because it was hoppin'. The space is gorgeous, and airy on a warm April night with the window/doors open along one wall.\n\nThe food was great and the bartendress was perfect (and so cute we wanted to chew on her).\n\nCharcuterie plate : fatastic! Keep in mind; very small portions of everything on it, but it's in the low-teens price-wise and has some nice exotic things like duck prosciutto, liver mousse, garlic cloves w/mustard and horseradish... crazy flavors that you have to savor slowly. We even got seconds on the crostini, gratis. \n\nThe olive plate : we each had multiple olive-gasms. It was embarassing. A pile of every kind and color of olive you can imagine, all marinated with mildly spicy/sweet/tangy infused oil. The highlight of the night.\n\nThe bianco pizza : some might find this too non-traditional, because their crust really is 'naan-like' as another reviewer said, and somewhat soft. But I love it. Totally unique. The cheese blend was sublime and perfectly stretchy, not runny or too oily. And it was topped with crunchy and bitter arugula leaves; a totally unexpected (to me) and perfect complement.\n\nThe rosemary/salt bread : another hand tossed naan-like hollow quick-risen bread. Outstanding to put everything and everything in or on, or to wrap around anything. Bartendress included. (sorry, can't resist)\n\nGlasses of Rose, Pinot Noir, and Prosecco were all perfectly awesome.\n\nPresentation, service, and promptness were all spot-on, even at the bar.\n\n5 stars, partly because of how rare a flawless dinner out is lately, especially for well under $100 with three glasses of wine. (ok, we had two apps and split a pizza, but still...)"]
["I was very impressed. I had low expectations going in b/c i thought its just going to be another pizza joint. Boy was I wrong! I love the set up of the restauarant. I love that you can see the kitchen and whats going on in there.  I sat at the bar b/c I always sit at the bar b/c i like to talk to people and see what they order and talk with the bartenders. Great music playing overhead as well.\n\nDrinks were great and interesting. Wine list was fabulous, and I thought the prices were great. Many glasses were $5-$7.\n\nSplit the Calamari and Ceasar salad for an app and the had the Pomodoro Pizza. All were delicious. The calamari was fried, but perfectly. Not greasy and had great flavor. The pizza crust was perfection and they have bottles of chili pepper oil so you can dip your crust ends. Love that!\nLots of interesting things on the menu like pig ears. Sounds weird but i just may have to try. I was a bad girl and got the Zeppoli dessert which is basically fried dough with fresh honeycomb. It was absolutely delicious! I am going back Friday to try different stuff.\n\nThe only complaint I have were the hippie like family that came in waiting for a table. They let their children take their shoes off and the mother did too. The manager actually had to ask her to put her shoes back on. HELLO this isn't your living room lady.  Then she got on her cell phone and stood right next to me and talked very loudly while her kids basically sat on the bar with wet heads and bare feet! They annoyed me wicked bad. If you don't know how to act in a restaurant then maybe you shouldn't go out to eat."]
['I have nothing against Posto, I just wished they had a larger menu for brunch.  The sausage in my Frittata was amazing but the actual Frittata was over cooked and chewy.  I was told this is how they are supposed to be, so I guess they are not my cup of tea.  That sausage by its self or in an omelet would be amazing or an omelet with that sausage, there mozzarella, and a some peppers would really get my motor running.']
["Much more than pizza.  I was taken to Posto for a birthday dinner and I wasn't disappointed.  The drinks were fun, the food was very good and the atmosphere was just the right amount of lively.  Plus we had a great table along the windows for good viewing.  I would not have wanted to be sitting in the middle of the room or nearer to the TVs. I don't like TVs in restaurants.  The waiter was a bit soft-spoken but everyone was friendly."]
["I just can't give it 4, but maybe it's more like 3.5 for me. I ate here with friends a few weeks ago and I thought it was good. I have had much better pizza, but the recipes are inventive and I would consider going back. We also passed around some appetizers and I think they were very good. I would suggest sharing apps and sharing a pizza. I would have been a little bored with just a few slices of the same pizza. Service and atmosphere were top notch."]
["Finally, a decent place to eat in this location. Gettin' a little classy there Davis Square, what with your Posto and Foundry and such.. watch yourself. \n\nFor years all Davis Square has needed (besides a decent bagel place) is a spot that serves up some good gourmet slices (Mike's, you're awesome, but sometimes you want some freaking sopressata and goat cheese on your pie). Then, lo and behold, about nine months ago the heavens parted and down came Posto. Thank god.\n\nFor starters, the atmosphere here is great - surprisingly warm for the height of their ceilings (thankyouverymuch brick oven). The service is excellent and friendly, from the hostess to the waitstaff and everyone in between. My problem with Posto starts with the menu - I want to order EVERYTHING. And... I tend to ::gulp::. I mean, you *have* to start with a salad, I recommend their arugula and endive ensemble. And who can go to a place that has arancini on the menu and not order it?! So, I usually convince whoever is with me split these two things (lucky them). After we've gotten that taken care of, it's pasta or pizza.. pasta or pizza, pasta or pizza, hmmm... splitsies again?? Sure, why not. I've tried a decent number of both the pastas and the pizzas and haven't really had a bad dish yet, although I will say that the pasta dishes tend to be heavy - good thing they have half portions. How anyone can finish a whole pasta dish is beyond me (hmmm... maybe they're not ordering the arancini.. and the salad...). \n\nI haven't had the pleasure of indulging in a dessert just yet, thanks to the fact that by this point in my meal I am usually in a such a deep food coma and someone literally needs to take me by the hand and lead me to the car, but I look forward to the day when this is not the case.\n\nPosto, here's hoping you stick around for a good long while!"]
["Ate dinner there last night based on Yelp reviews. And boy did all the yelpers get it right. This place is spot on. The ambience is cozy and relaxing. The hostess is very patient (called 2x for reservations, had to change the time too and they were so great with it) and cheery. The food - we had the lemon arancini and it was out of this world. Great flavors that changed as time went by. The pomodoro sauce was great too. Then we had the half chicken and the short ribs with gnocchi. The short ribs will change your life - seriously. The wine list was pretty well rounded and had some unique choices. All in all, I'm glad I drove 35 minutes to get there. Best dinner that I've had during my many trips to Mass."]
["This place rocks every time! The wine selection and waitstaff are impeccable.  The food...the meatballs are so good, the beat salad unheard of and the pizza, well I love the fact they have pepper oil to heat it up.  I've been here about a dozen times and it has never disappointed me and I tend to look for it because not many restaurants are able to keep consistency."]
['Today\'s Cast of Characters: \n\nMe: the Yelper \nPS: "Pizza Snob", aka "boyfriend" \n\nSetting: Posto - 90 degree Friday afternoon. \n\nI went to Posto for the first time with PS last week after work. It was an ungodly hot day, if you remember, so I was thrilled that, despite what some reviews on Yelp have said, the A/C was keeping Posto at a very comfortable temperature. PS and I sat at the bar where we were greeted by a very friendly bartender (who was genuinely happy to chat about the food and drink selection and was attentive without crowding us). I was psyched to peruse the beer list and find, not only a list of uncommon beers, but a full description of each. PS was sorely disappointed that Sam Summer hadn\'t made the cut (it\'s his favorite on a hot day) but I actually really like that their taps weren\'t the standard "Sam/Stella/BlueMoon". \n\nWe basically skipped right over everything else on the menu (all of which I have been assured is delicious from a friend who lives in the area and is a huge Posto fan) and zeroed in on the pizza menu (which, after all, is why we came). PS got his usual Margherita and I opted for the Fig pizza. PS inhaled his (I literally had finished my first piece and noticed that he had practically licked the plate clean). My Fig pizza was (and I\'ve been to Italy) hands down the most delicious pizza I\'ve ever had. The sweetness of the figs and caramelized onions was set off perfectly by salty guanciale (Italian bacon) that was razor thin and a little crispy (perfectly cooked - practically dissolves in your mouth) and the peppery arugula. I also have to give a gold star just for using the gorgonzola dolce (milder than a traditional gorgonzola- which would have overwhelmed the other flavors), which rounded out the pizza and just gave it that perfect balance. Out of this world. I love that they make their own dough (which was stretched to what I consider ideal thinness and cooked perfectly)- as someone who worked in a gourmet pizza shop (that also made their own dough) for 4 years in college, I\'m telling you with some authority that it makes a difference. \n\nThe ONLY negative thing I can say about Posto - the little plates that they gave us to eat on had curved edges which, although cute and trendy, makes it a little hard if you\'re like me and eat pizza with a fork and knife. I did notice towards the end of my meal that they had other more flat plates so I easily could have asked for another one. \n\nOverall - 5 stars. My experience at Posto deserves every single one.  I can\'t wait to go back (although, I wonder if I\'ll be able to try a new pizza, since I\'ve been dreaming about the Fig pizza since I left!)']
['We\'ve been to Posto two or three times and had really variable experiences. On our most recent trip, the $10-12 cocktails sounded creative and interesting but were short, weak, and loaded with ice. The meatball appetizer wasn\'t bad, but the margherita pizza that we shared was awful. It was overloaded with watery tomatoes that made the slices soggy and limp, and the outer crust was bland and charred in spots - maybe wood-fired "authentic", but doesn\'t taste good to me. (The reviewer who described it as naan-turned-pizza is right on.)\n\nWe\'ve been there before and had wine or martini-style cocktails - that they can\'t dilute with ice - that weren\'t bad, calamari and bruschetta that was fine, and the cheesier mushroom or sausage pizzas were decent, which makes me think that if we avoid the soggy tomato-based pizzas we might be better off. All in all though, we\'ve written Posto off; the best we\'ve had there is "not bad" and we could find much better food elsewhere or make it at home.']
["Took the kids out for dinner last night, first time eating here.  The service was outstanding from the moment we walked in to leaving.  Without us asking, they changed our seats so the kids could watch the pizza makers and oven.  They loved it.  Our waiter was Kelvyn, he was very attentive and made some great recommendations.  We got a visit from the manager Cody to see how our service was going, which is very rare these days.  We tried three appetizers, a pasta dish and four pizzas.  All the plates had great presentation but more importantly they taste outstanding.  Can't say enough about this restaurant, we will definitely be back."]
['Great pizza! Atmosphere is cozy and date like!']
["Definitely a giant... meh...\n\nFood was fine. Nothing that you can't find at the multitude of other restaurants in the area, but good enough. \n\nService was pretty bad. They messed up our order, delivering a full order of pasta for my GF although she definitely and clearly asked for the half order. Then, when we brought it to the waitresses attention, she made us feel bad. Additionally, we ordered drinks twice during the meal and BOTH times it took 5-10 minutes for them to show up at our table. And again, the waitress made us feel bad when ordering. Slow and rude are NOT great ways to secure repeat customers.\n\nOddly, I counted a staff to customer ratio of roughly 5-1. Not bad numbers, so why such bad service!?"]
['Never had a bad meal here. Their pizza is fantastic, as is their burger and meatballs appetizer. It might be hard to get a seat outside on a busy night as seating is limited.']
["My friend introduced me to Posto and after having dinner there I had to take a couple more friends later that month because it was so good. I really like the ambiance. It could make for a romantic dinner as well as a fun dinner with friends. I've tried their pizza as well as some of their main dishes. The pizzas are very good and they have very interesting non traditional options. I also tried their tortellini which was amazing! I liked it more than the pizza. You can order their pasta as half or full. If you are very hungry, I recommend the full portion. But if you had a big appetizer and just want a small portion, then the half will do. The pizza is a good size for 2 people."]
['I like the scene and that you can get half sized portions. Go for:\nbraised short ribs (I got the half sized and it was enough) \nsea salt bread']
['We were group of 12 people,celebrating a birthday.\nOrdered 2 weeks in advance a whole roasted pig with all the side dishes.\nDelicious side dishes,the meat was perfect,professional and attentive service.']
['It\'s great to see more upscale restaurants coming into Davis, rather than having to schlep all over town, or across the river, to find something good. I went to Posto with my boyfriend on a Sunday night, and it was definitely more than I was expecting, from the description I was given of "Italian place in Davis"\nThe service was outstanding -- extremely fast, well-informed, all the little nuances and perks of service in a high end restaurant but with less than $20 entrees. \nThe food was great -- I highly, highly recommend the chicken liver mousse (as awful as that might sound to some). Wow. Extremely good. We did have to ask for more toast to go with it, but that\'s probably because I was savoring it too much :) Both the entrees were fantastic, the roast chicken was *huge* -- I had to take the rest home in a box. \nThe wine selection was excellent, and they had a very wide range of price points, which is always nice. I especially liked the Malbec. \nThe music was loud, but I think it was strategic to mask the noise from other diners, which did make it seem a little more intimate.\nSomething that was a little weird -- I was sitting in a center table, facing the large windows overlooking the street, and every time a car made a turn onto Elm street from the street across from us, I\'d get headlights directly in my eyes. One car had its brights on, which basically made the entire restaurant look over to see what the heck was going on. Not a huge deal, but it disrupted conversation. \nI think they could do better with slightly smaller tables for couples, but I might be a little weird and nitpicky :)\nI would *highly* recommend as a fantastic restaurant to go to when you don\'t feel like walking, or want great wine paired with great pizza with a romantic/cozy ambiance.']
['Its always busy.   Always.    That should tell you something right there.    The food is fantastic,  interesting, fresh and well executed.     You can gripe that its a bit overpriced (maybe), a bit crowded (probably) but the food is outstanding (definitely).']
["The food is great. The service, not so much. I really like this restaurant because the food is so tasty (the pizza crust is amazing), but I really wish the employees weren't so rude."]
['The trout with garlic kale was delicious. Service was exemplary and the staff was attentive and knowledgeable handling a dairy allergy.  Maybe a little noisy, but a lot of fun.']
['Not a bad thing to say about this restaurant. My parents and I arrived around 7pm on a Friday night with no reservation. The hostess went out of her way to accommodate us and find us a table which is usually unheard of. To the food. I had the lamb and polenta antipasti. I wish they offered this as a full plate it was delicious. For my entree I ordered the bolognese, it was very tasty but the pasta came out steaming hot and remained that way the entire time I ate. My mother ordered the shortrib burger which was also amazing. Posto is definitely worth visiting. And one last thing the service was impeccable also. Our waitress Joanna also added to the experience.']
['This is my latest in the series, "snobby, overpriced restaurants who spend more time filling their menu with obscure words for totally ordinary things than they do perfecting their food." This might be a perfectly fine place if not for the prices and the pretentiousness. I knew as soon as I saw "fior de latte" and "pomodoro" on the menu instead of "mozzarella" and "tomato" that this place would be a waste of money. Seriously, even in Italy they don\'t refer to mozzarella as fior de latte.\n\nTheir host on the night I dined there with my family was a hopeless mess. Him: "May I help you?" Us: "Well yes, we\'d like a table." Him: "Hmm... that could be a BIG problem. Let me see." (ten minutes pass) Him: "May I help you?" Us: "Uh yeah, we\'re standing here, and there\'s really only one thing people want when they enter a restaurant, a table." Thankfully a more competent employee came over to help us, but it still took a good 15 minutes to get a table in what was at the time a pretty empty restaurant. \n\nThe service was slow, which doesn\'t usually bother me, but I do like my beers in under 3 minutes, which they failed to deliver. We ordered two appetizers for the family, one of which came loooong after the other, which is a pet peeve of mine, especially considering it was only a bruschetta. But then they delivered the main course at the same time as the second appetizer, another pet peeve of mine. This makes certain touches seem out of place, like when the waiter came by to tidy up my mother\'s place setting when she went to the toilet. Why bother when you can\'t even time your courses right? \n\nThe food was a mixed bag. The appetizers (a chicken liver and port wine mousse with crostini and a traditional bruschetta) were excellent. The bread was high quality and nicely toasted, and the mousse and bruschetta were particularly delicious. The entrees, however, were decidedly mixed. The Spaghetti Bolognese was downright poor, very dry and lacking in flavor. Too much beef and tomato, not enough vegetables, and it did not taste as if it had been properly cooked in milk as a bolognese should be. The fact that it was dry means one thing, it lacks fat, which no bolognese should suffer for. The Proscuitto pizza was very good. I particularly like the addition of an olive oil and lemon dressing. Very nice touch. The others, a Bianco and Campania pizza received only fair reviews from my family. \n\nIn a particularly irksome end to the night, by far the fastest thing to come to our table was the check. I always find this especially insulting. I can already hear the squeals from other reviewers, "but but but, it\'s my favoritest place everrr!" Get real, it\'s a pizza place masquerading as a fine dining restaurant, but without the corresponding service and reliably good food. If someone were to ask me about this place my response would be, "why?" If all I want is pizza, I\'ll go to Upper Crust and pay a tiny fraction of the price. If I want a restaurant with some truly outstanding Itialian dishes and high prices, I\'ll head to Gran Gusto. Posto isn\'t even close to worth it.']
["Posto is awesome. The food is excellent, they have a great selection of wines, and it's got a fun energy. It's classy enough for a date, but without being too expensive. It's no coincidence that it's packed just about every night of the week. \n\nPizzas are delicious but the pasta dishes are also very tasty and imaginative. We had a great crabmeat ravioli dish with cream sauce and peas the last time we went.\n\nMy only complaint is that Posto can get loud due to the acoustics of the space. But the noise just goes along with the success of the restaurant. And they have TVs by the bar -- some people love 'em, some people hate 'em. Give Posto a try, it's the best dinner spot in Davis Square at the moment."]
['We decided to finally try this place on a Sunday afternoon and had no trouble getting seated.\n\nWe had the olives and I have to say there were more olives than I expected for the $3 it cost.  They were delicious and so was the bread on our table.  For our pizza we went with the Mushroom, Parmesan, homemade fior di latte, oregano, arugula variety.  Thanks to filling up on bread and olives this was a great meal.  Would definitely go back for more.']
["This place has great potential, but isn't quite there yet.    \n\nThe waitress was very helpful and outgoing, though, like most, did not keep our water filled.\n\nThe wine is overpriced for the amount you get (red wine in tiny white wine glasses).  It's nice to be able to try a wide variety in a glass though.\n\nThe angostini were nice--though a little too lemony.  The calamari were pretty good.  The pappardelle with braised rabbit was our favorite.  We also ordered the roast chicken pizza--which I can't decide upon.  Why?  Because everything emerged almost simultaneously!  \n\nWe'd taken half a bite of the angostini when the calamari arrived.  The the pappardelle sat for 15 minutes on our table before we could get to it, and the pizza was probably there 45 minutes--getting cold and soggy from the drenching of olive oil.  I suppose it had a nice crispy crust at first, but I wouldn't know for sure.\n\nWhen I hear their timing is better and the wine portions are larger I might go back."]
['Very knowledgeable management with regards to the wine list and background of each wine.\nGreat wines for the price.\nFresh ingredients.\nFantastic beet salad.\nSimple but delicious pizzas.\nWorth taking the train to.']
['I have eaten here once before about two years ago when they first opened. I enjoyed it. However, I believe someone else\'s review summed up Posto quite cleverly: "too big for its britches," or something like that...Sadly, I agree. Tonight my boyfriend and I decided to get dinner. I checked the website to see that they are open until 11. No where on the website does it indicate that the kitchen will stop serving an hour before 11. On the website it states that posto is open until 11. My boyfriend and I got there at 10 pm. "Looking for food?" the hostess asked as we stepped inside. She didn\'t even say hello. Looking around the dining area I saw that there were several tables seated with people eating their meals and enjoying drinks. "Yes!" we exclaimed. "OKay, well I will have the check with the kitchen, they are cleaning up." This is never a good sign. So, she steps over to the kitchen. She comes back. "Okay, well you\'ll have to order as soon as you sit down." The hostess brings us to our seats and hastily hands us menus and then walks into the kitchen area. She comes back yelling over her shoulders to the kitchen staff "SORRY GUYS!" Immediately this is uncomfortable. We sip our water, having already been served for us on the table before we sat down. The waitress comes soon after asking us what we would like to drink, because we have been rushed to pick a menu option we tell her we have not had a chance to look at the drinks. She is very pleasant and says that she will come back in a minute...she seemed not to be aware of the urgency that we were receiving from the other staff members. We are seated directly next to the open kitchen and I can see that the expressions on the kitchen staffs\' faces are not friendly ones. I have worked in kitchens for many years, customer service, food service you name it. I know what it is like to want to and need to go home at the end of  a long, tiring day! But it is and has never been my intention to make someone else feel uncomfortable about my own needs, you just don\'t do that! I found this situation rude, uncomfortable and just not okay if you are looking for business from someone and want to establish relationships with local people looking for a positive dining experience. What an awful environment it was tonight! Very unpleasant! And most certainly the staff did not meet the goals of creating the "wonderful guest experience" that Mr. Edson Coimbra, Jr would like to offer. I think posto, you should update the website and indicate that yes you are open until 11, however, your kitchen closes at 10. Otherwise if this is not your intention and you do indeed serve until 11 as indicated on your website presently, then you need to rethink your hiring process, and try thinking about hiring some more respectful people. This experience tonight did not promote the positive vibe of Davis square. I have lived here for four years now and have never been treated this way anywhere even if I came in half hour prior to an establishment\'s closing time. To the relief of the kitchen staff, after having apologized to our poor waitress, my boyfriend and I walked out. I definitely don\'t feel like I want to go back anytime soon.']
["As I said before, after my first experience at Posto, which didn't end pleasantly, I was contacted by both the owner and the front of house manager. They invited me back in for another shot, so I wanted to give an update. \n\nLike last time, the food was very good. In fact, I wasn't in the mood for pizza this time around so I opted for the Hangar steak, medium rare. I'm being perfectly honest by saying it came out blood rare, but since I'd rather have red meat slightly undercooked than even one minute overcooked, I didn't gripe. The seasoning was outstanding, as was the fresh arugula and mushroom salad that came with it. I really enjoyed it. One of my friends had a pizza with sausage, another with meatball, and my third friend got tortellini with crabmeat, really delicious. Everyone was happy with their selections. We did opt to get the rosemary bread and found it sort of odd that it didn't come out cut up in any way. We had to use our hands to break it apart, which can be really intimate and nice, or can be kind of gross, depending on who your dining companions are. \n\nI took other posters' advice and tried the gin gin mule (and I don't even drink gin) and I have to say, they were right. It was a really stellar drink. \n\nSo I'll give Pizzeria Posto four stars because the whole experience for me has yet to earn five stars. It is undeniable that the prices are high, and I get that good quality food comes at a price, but it's a real factor for consideration these days. For four of us, our bill came to about $175. I am not saying the food isn't worth it, but you have to be ready to shell out if you want to enjoy this eatery.\n\nThe service was pleasant both times I've been, which is always the most important, but both times the attentiveness has died off halfway through the meal. It's a busy restaurant, but still working out the kinks. On my budget, this restaurant is splurge only, but I was appreciative to the owner and manager for taking action to right the wrongs of my first experience there. That is evidence that there is great care taken to make diners happy, which is nice."]
["I've been here once with a small group - me, hubby, baby, and two friends. The food was good but I thought it was a bit overpriced. We ordered olives and meatballs to start - I did not partake but everyone else said they were delicious. For our meal we ordered a pizza and a half portion of the crab tortellini. The pasta portion size was not huge but it was quite rich so I'm not sure if I'd want more anyway. The beer and wine selection were extensive - I had a tasty local brew and the hubby had a tasty wine tasting. It was loud enough that people didn't seem to mind the baby yelping, but I'm not sure if I'd call this place kid-friendly. It seems like they're going for a higher-end vibe with the dim lighting, candles on the tables, and high-end prices. I think there are pizza places with similarly tasty food and better prices, so I'm not sure if I'd go back here."]
['Beautiful setting, exqusite wood-fired pizzas.  Inhalation of 4 great food orders: 2 pizzas ("calovo" kale | mozzarella | applewood bacon | farm egg; the "parma" prosciutto | mozzarella | arugula | lemon &amp; anchovy vinaigrette) and 2 pasta dishes.']
['Great food and good bar service. Apps were excellent, especially the chicken liver mousse. Pizza was not great but may have been a one-off. Great drinks. Would definitely go again.']
['Outstanding neighborhood restaurant and Bar!  Drinks were terrific, Bartender (Kaitlyn) was awesome, and the food is fantastic.  We love this place!']
['Was recently contacted by the owner of Posto in response to my review. I really appreciated the concern about my bad experience and will update my review if/when I have a chance to go back.']
['Wonderful ambiance, fabulous wait staff, terrific beer choices, and great food.']
["I've been meaning to check out this place since it opened and finally went to Posto for dinner last night (Wednesday). We got there around 7:00pm and had no problem getting sat. The restaurant wasn't busy, but not empty either. It was drizzling out and the floors were slippery in the restaurant. I was wearing sneakers, I don't know if its the type of floor in the space, or if someone with wet soles had walked the same path before me, but that's something management should check out, because it's a major liability. Besides that, the restaurant is very nice. It's mainly comprised of two and four seated tables. It was dimly lit and candles on every table which is a nice touch. Our waiter took a few minutes to come over to our table, but probably because my friend and I were deep in conversation and he didn't want to interrupt. He was friendly and asked if we had questions about the menu. We ordered some wine and two pizzas. I got the plain marinara pizza and added caramelized onions and roasted chicken. My friend ordered the Margherita. I can't say the pizza was bad - it wasn't, but it wasn't out of this world fantastic. I think I set myself up for something better given the buzz and atmosphere of the place. \n\nI didn't try anything else on the menu, but it looked appetizing. I may give this place another shot and try one of their other pizzas. Overall it was a good experience, the host (owner maybe?) was very friendly and even escorted me to the bathroom when I asked where it was. 3 stars for the food, 4 stars for the service."]
["The magarita pizza is the best I have ever had, I'm not kidding.. Ambience is perfect and the service was wonderful. Will definitely be going back soon!"]
["We went on a very busy Saturday night and managed to snag two seats at the bar right away...awesome! The blood orange martini is fantastic, and I think every meal needs to start with a piece of tomato and goat cheese bruschetta (warning - only two pieces come on the plate and it doesn't cut well when you have 3 people!). The pizza is the best around, and for $15-17 reasonably priced. We had the eggplant that had discs of garlic so potent even this Italian said woah! So so good. Dessert was the chocolate cherry torte, it was ok. Not as good as their tiramisu that I had when Posto first opened. Highly recommend reservations. The service is is exceptional; the staff all work very well together and my water glass was constantly refilled. I didn't review Posto for so long because its always so busy, but the food is just too good, the service too friendly, and the atmosphere too great. Go with a group for a fun night out or a date, either way you'll have a fantastic evening."]
["Really nice atmosphere. Great salads and pizza. Excellent service. Nice drink selections. I was thinking 4 stars due to prices but then remembered spending the same at Rainforest Cafe for food that wasn't anywhere near as good."]
["The pizza was AMAZING, although a little pricey.  It's definitely the hip place in the Davis Square area, we had to wait about an hour to be seated.  I really wish they had some type of outdoor seating area for those of us waiting to be seated."]
['Wow.  What a fabulous place!\n\nMy boyfriend and I have had this place on our list of restaurants to try for quite a while and finally got out there the other day.\n\nWe walked in at about 7:30 on a Sunday and were seated immediately.  The atmosphere of the place is really fantastic.  Our table was right near the brick oven, so we got these occasional wafts of delicious brick oven smell as we were waiting, it was amazing!  Although, it did make it a bit difficult to wait for our food... we were already so hungry coming in!\n\nShortly after we sat down we were given these crouton-esque breadsticks.  They were pretty yummy, and a nice change from the usual plain basket of bread.  Our waitress, Joanna, was just attentive enough and just hands off enough to get our needs.  We ordered the margarita pizza and the sea salt rosemary bread, and waited excitedly.\n\nThe sea salt rosemary bread was so so delicious!  The dough was just perfect, it looked like naan almost.  They had this chili infused oil that my boyfriend was all about (I have a bit of a wussy palate so I let him be the judge on that).  As for the pizza, the service was wonderful regarding it... I\'m a vegetarian, and my boyfriend is not, so we asked the waitress if he could get sausage on the side, but still charged as a "topping".  We were explicit that the sausage not touch the pizza (not half the pizza with sausage, which often happens), the waitress went back and checked with the chef, and shortly after she brought out our pizza with his bowl of sausage.  It\'s just nice to have that be so easy!  And oh man, that pizza!!  Just the right amount of brick oven char, and you could just taste that every single ingredient that went into making that pizza was top quality.  Honestly, I think it was the best pizza I\'ve ever had.  No lie.\n\nAlso, when it came time for Joanna to ask us if we wanted to have dessert I declined saying we already had plans to make it at home... and her response was to ask me what we were making.  I briefly explained we were baking cookies, and then went about my conversation.  When she came back with our bill, she told us to have a great night and enjoy the cookies.  She was such a great server!\n\nThe one criticism I have is about the table orientation.  The tables are rectangular, and they place the chairs in such a way that you\'re sitting opposite each other length-wise, much like the picture you\'d think of with the king and queen sitting on opposite sides of a very long, long banquet table (only of course less hyperbolic).  Regardless, it was the first thing my boyfriend and I commented on when we sat down, how it seemed we were sitting further apart than usual.  Of course, everything else about our experience more than made up for this, and I am so over it.\n\nWe will MOST DEFINITELY be coming back here again, and will be encouraging others to do the same/come with me! :)']
["There are plenty of restaurants and watering holes in Davis Square. Most are just fine. Posto is a cut above. The menu is more adventurous than anything you'll find on or near Elm STreet. Some of my favorite Posto dishes: honeycomb tripe, gnocchi with wild boar, anchovy pizza. You'll find a modern, minimalist room. Friendly, locals-only environment. Great service (thanks Kelly!) and a user (and wallet) friendly wine list. Head there before the end of October while you can still snag a table outside."]
["We went here on a Sunday night with our two teenagers (13 and 16).  Arrived at 5:30 pm and the place was pretty empty.  Place has a very cool vibe.  We loved the breadsticks - could have eaten more. We started off with a caesar salad and it was big enough for the 4 of us to share a small portion.  The dressing was not the creamy type and was a little too vinegary for my taste, but I'd rather go in that direction rather than it drowning in heavy traditional caesar dressing.  The two kids split a meatball pizza. It was above ave., not great.  I had the garlic shrimp with spaghetti.  The shrimp was nicely cooked but overall, the dish was not very flavorful - pasta was done perfectly, however. My husband had the crab tortellini and it was a satisfying, flavorful dish.  The service was ok - a little uneven.  They were definitely attentive to pouring our water, maybe a little too attentive, pouring when glasses were 1/2 to 3/4 full still, but when it came time for clearing our dishes - crickets!  I'd come back and give it another try."]
['I was really thrilled with how amazingly fantastic this place is. The attitude is all about customer satisfaction and the food is phenomenal. The best part is the variety of options for all diners including vegetarian to carnivore. Everything was delicious. Our table ordered burgers,(housemade exotic pickles and brioche bun!), polenta, chicken liver mousse, pizza caprese, gnocci(little pillows of oral heaven), and a dessert tiramisu that rewrites what that dessert is SUPPOSED to be! The cocktails are interesting, we had gin-gin mules and cherry bellas, as well as wine by the glass that was reasonable. Jammin busy on a Wednesday night. This place rocks! Server was polite and attentive despite the busy night. Will keep coming back as long as it remains this good.']
['YUM! Describes Pizzeria Posto. Great service, great food, wonderful ambience...what more would you want from a restaurant. We started with 6 then had to squeeze a 7th in, no problem! Had the apple pizza, eggplant pizza and squash pizza....all were delicious but I have to say the apple was my favorite. Great combination of tastes all on the most delicious crust that made me feel like I was back in Firenze! Cannoli and tiramisu we fantastic! We are already planning our return.']
["Posto, on Elm Street heading out of Davis square toward Porter Square has a wonderful outdoor cafe, and also a nice (if typically somewhat loud) bar and inside restauant seating. \n  \nGreat food..... and the gin gin mule cocktail really is the best new drink I have had in years!\n\nThe eggplant is unique and amazing...\n\nPosto serves the eggplant rolled up with riccotta, mozzarella, and park cheese. Grilled and a great light and sweet take on a staple dish.\n\nThe burger is large, and made with the right cuts for a really nice flavor. Fries are quite good...\n\nPosto could do more to enhance this great burger by offering a specialty bun...., particularly as they make much of their sea salt bread, which would be just right as a burger bun. \n  \nService is good, but could be a bit more attentive, although being fairly new, this may work itself out over time. The restaurant manager seems both nice and good at his job. \n \nAgain, the outdoor cafe is really worth enjoying, especially with a gin gin mule or two. \n\nNote that Posto opens the cafe seating at 5:00 PM... and while they can reserve a table for that time.... it is catch as catch can after that. \n\nSome people seem to stay for an hour or more tying up tables AFTER they have paid the check?? What's up with that?"]
["I never would have thought to go to Posto for brunch... but I'm glad my German friend did the research and made the decision to try it.  They have a special menu for brunch which includes a main meal (which, I'll get into later), bottomless coffee, fresh squeezed OJ and, the clincher, a sticky cinnamon bun.  I've made the life decision that if I ever win the lottery, I will hire a chef who will make me homemade sticky cinnamon buns each and every morning, based upon my experience at Posto.\n\nThe brunch itself was good to great.  I had a mushroom frittata.  It was HUGE.  They also make their fiore de latte in-house, which was yummy.  I wish I had gone with the sausage frittata (like my boyfriend and his German friend), but, since I highly recommend this place, I plan on going back and trying it.\n\nMy one gripe, is a common gripe with restaurants in the city, are the mimosas.  A mimosa is simple.  Champagne.  OJ.  In a champagne flute.  Done.  Why does it have to be $8.75?"]
["Nice atmosphere, cool looking place.  They have the nearly $100 bottle of Brunello served by the glass for $20, which according to my wife is very rare for this caliber of wine to be sold by the glass.  \n\nWe had the calamari.  Very good, well seasoned, large portion, we disagreed on the sauce, I thought that it did not add anything to the dish.\n\nWe split a sausage pizza and a half portion of gnocchi.  The gnocchi was excellent, the braised beef short rib was succulent and just fell apart into the port and Parmesan cream sauce.  This was one of the best dishes that I have ever had in the Boston area. The pizza was below average, which is ironic, because we came here for the pizza.  The pizza had too many thick stalks of broccoli rabe on it.  It tasted like chili pepper flacks were burned or scorched.  The pizza reminded me of something out of Sardinia, which is the region/island of Italy with bad food.  It also doesn't have crumbled sausage like we were promised, just big chunks of average sausage.\n\nWe wanted to get dessert, but are only choices were the old stand by tiramisu, a cup of gelato, or a cannoli.  What a snore. Nothing creative and nothing that we felt like trying.  \n\nThe good service, atmosphere and the gnocchi will be enough to make us come back for another visit, but please add something to that dessert menu!"]
['My friends and I ate here late last Friday and were impressed.  This is the best pizza that any of us have had in Boston!  Thin, crispy crust right to the center, good flavor.  Could have used a touch more salt around the edges - the ingredients themselves were well seasoned.  The four of us tried the artichoke, roast pork, and prosciutto pizzas, as well as the rabbit tagliatelle so we could try the pasta, which was excellent.  \nThe wine list was oddly laid out (center justified, really?) and organized by vintage, not varietal or region.  It struck me as generally overpriced, especially for individual glasses, but we got a bottle for the table.  I don\'t remember the one we ordered, but the "wine guy" suggested we also try (I think because he\'s trying to convince people) a Lambrusco, a sparkling red wine.  It was fun, refreshing, and great with the pizza - and one of the cheaper bottles on the menu. That\'s what I\'ll be getting here from now on.  In fact, I plan on searching it out and drinking it at home all summer!\nThe service in general was friendly, and I don\'t mind when a server knows nothing about the wine list as long as they admit it and fetch the person who does, which is how it seems to work here.  During our 20-minute wait before dinner, I tried one of the listed cocktails and will probably not do that again.  It\'s ok that this isn\'t a cocktail bar.  It doesn\'t need to be.\nIt\'s clear they\'ve invested a ton of money, energy, and heart in this place.  Hopefully this will end up being the right restaurant for that space.  I wish them well.']
["The best use of this space since it was built. I had the pumpkin risotto, which was just a little too soupy for my taste but with flavors very nicely put together. The Loire white wine was both excellent and very reasonably priced. The service was excellent and the staff were friendly without being intrusive. I'll go back soon."]
['Started with a blood orange martini,then the meatball pizza and a canolli for dessert,everything was amazing!! The atmosphere is really nice too,definitely the best spot in Davis!']
['Posto has great ambiance, food, and service. I think there are better Italian restaurants in Boston, but this is the best Italian in Davis Square by far.']
["I've been to Posto a bunch of times now.  I've had somewhere between a third and half of the menu items, and I can say with confidence that I've never eaten anything I haven't liked there!  Standouts for me: any pork dish, the bolognese (best around Cambridge, in my opinion), the meatball antipasti, the mussels (perfectly cooked, though there were a few that still had a bit of grit in them) and the burger.  Portions are generous for this type of restaurant - not what you would get at a traditional Italian-American suburban place; if I were really hungry I would manage a small appetizer and an entree.  Basically, you will feel like you ate quite well for a reasonable price, upon leaving.  Service is pretty good - competent but inobtrusive.  Smaller and larger groups are both handled by the staff with ease, and it's easy to make reservations.  \n\nI will say, though, that you should avoid being seated in the back room if at all possible, especially if you value your hearing.  I've been out of the restaurant for about an hour and I still have not regained my full aural range in my right ear.  All of the surfaces in the restaurant are hard, so the sound bounces around, and since the back room is smaller, it is much louder than the main dining room, even though they're open to each other.  When this back room is full, it is unbearably and distractingly loud - worse than any other restaurant I've been to, ever.  We saw one couple move tables from the middle of the room to the edge, and assumed it was because of the noise (I can't say for sure).  The music also seemed pretty loud, even after the cacophony had deadened my hearing.  I would not stay at Posto if I was seated in the back room, in the future.  It's not so hard to remedy this problem - there are a lot of acoustical treatments - and I wonder if it's maybe a budgetary issue?  Regardless, it would vastly improve the dining experience if they installed some kind of soft surface to absorb some of the sound.\n\nIn summary: four stars for really solid food and service, 1 star for effective restaurant design."]
["I went to Posto for the first time tonight. There were 5 of us celebrating a birthday. We had a reservation at 6 and were seating exactly at 6 which was nice to see. The drinks came out slowly, as did the pizza. But we were enjoying bottles of wine so didn't really notice. In exchange for the wait, they gave us 2 desserts and 2 services of gelato for free. \n\nPizza was great, and so were the free desserts. Great atmosphere. Lively but not loud."]
["Posto is a great new pizza and wine bar.  I love that they now take reservations...before, the wait could be pretty long on a weekend night.  I had a really good pizza here that had guanciale (bacon made from pig's cheek..sounds gross but really good), gorgonzola, figs, and caramelized onions.  The pizzas are only big enough for one person, and even then, you may want to order an appetizer/salad before."]
["Super delish, but a little pricey for a pizza. I would give 5 stars for a great wine list, super fresh ingredients (they make the mozz cheese on site everyday), good veg selection, fun atmosphere and friendly service. But, I'm giving 4 stars because for a pizza for one person, $18 is a little steep. I mean, this is Somerville, people! Will def be back for  girls' night or a date with the hubby."]
["I want to preface this review by saying that I am dreading writing this review because I SO wanted to love this place and couldn't wait to eat here.  We had the meatball app and it was delicious!  The roasted pork pizza was just okay because it was under seasoned.  The pomodoro pizza with procuitto was good but the dough was a little tough.  The sea salt bread was also delicious.  We sat there for extended periods of time waiting for food, drinks and for our check.  We had some errors on the check so we asked the waitress to address the errors.  Instead of the expected reduction they added to our check.  Again we sent it back and it took a LONG time to fix both errors.  We were there a total of an hour and 45 mins.  For Pizza and an appetizer that is too long.  Since the food was okay, the service only frustrated us.  I know they are new and hopefully they will work out the kinks. I must say it looked like everyone was having a good time at the bar and the restaurant itself was really nice.\nIf I can, I will go back and hopefully I can update this rating to a 5 star!\nSorry Pizzeria Posto....."]
["I love mussels! And, Posto knows how to prepare mussels! But, if it's pizza you're craving ... look no further. You will not be disappointed. As close to authentic Italian pizza as you can ever get on this side of the pond. Order the Margherita with arugula. Simple but truly delicious!"]
["Hey, this was a pretty good experience. Overall I liked it a lot. It's a friendly, fun place, waitstaff is very polite and helpful. Good bar, good dining area, though could use more space - (sign the petition to let them have open air dining!). \n\nThe food was prepared excellently. We had a variety of items from the menu, appetizers, salads, and pizza. All of it was made with fresh, good quality ingredients, prepared wonderfully. I loved every bite. I also enjoyed my wine, and adult beverages. \n\nA couple of notes though...the prices were reasonable, however, I did find the portions small - making the prices actually be higher...(since you'd need to order a few more items to satisfy your hunger). I'm not one to belly ache about small portions, but in one instance, I think it made something that could have been great into maybe not so great. I had the octopus white bean salad appetizer, which came in a very small dish. And, frankly, I may have had one or two very small bits of grilled octopus in it...I felt that this was really unfortunate, as the flavor in the dish was really remarkable, fresh, lots of different assertive flavors combining into a wonderful experience, but, octopus, it's not the most expensive thing in the sea, and I felt the dish really should have had more focus on that ingredient - but my experience with it made it feel like the octopus was the most under represented of all items in the dish. \n\nI will say that my pizza, which had the most wonderful ingredient I know, white anchovies, really kicked ass - but hey, white anchovies kick ass. Not to diminish the dish..and all dishes at my table were really top notch. \n\nSo, two notes..I'd like them to be a little more generous in the portion department, (doesn't need to be too much more though) and lastly, I will most definitely be back...can't wait to sample some other goodies as well as whatever new may come up."]
["I enjoyed my dinner here -- the service was great and the ambiance is really nice as well (if a little packed in). It's a nice spot to have in Davis and I'm happy to finally see a restaurant that has made that space work.\n\nThe pizza was a little bit of a letdown, unfortunately. We tried the white pizza and the sausage -- both were fine, but not great. I wouldn't go back for the pizza, but I might give it another shot for something else on the menu."]
['I love this place. Fabulous cocktails and pizza. I have never had a problem getting a seat at the bar. Great meatballs and bread too!']
["I heard so many good things about this, and since I live in the Davis sq area I finally made it over to check it out tonight after I got off of work.  I walk in and grab a seat at the bar.  It took a minute for the bartender to notice me, (which is a little surprising considering its a pretty small bar) but I let that slide since I work in restaurants.  So I order a glass of wine, an app and a pizza for my main course.  \nThe Octopus Carpaccio was the highlight of the meal, amazing, great presentation, flavors, texture - except for the olive pit I almost broke a tooth on- regardless I still finished it.  And then the waiting......It took well over 20 minutes for my pizza to come out, its a pizza how does that take 25 mins after I finished my app?!\nI order the Campania, now maybe its just me but typically I would expect the first ingredient listed on the menu to be the main ingredient in the dish.  There was very little brie but a ton of ham, so much in fact it over powered everything else, and don't get me wrong I love meat but this was excessive.  I ate a little more than a slice only cause I was so hungry, it took probably 10 minutes for the bartender to notice that I had push my plate away put my napkin on the bar.  He did take the pizza off the bill, but the attempt at any kind of service recovery was half hearted at best.  \nI left thoroughly unimpressed and still hungry.  Maybe I will give em another shot but probably not"]
["The food itself was quite good. The portions were somewhat on the small size for the price.\n\nThe service was incredibly slow. Our server forgot one drink order at a table of four and was very difficult to get hold of. It looked like he was one of only two servers for the entire restaurant on a Sunday night.\n\nIf I didn't have to spend so much time and money, I'd go back for the delicious food."]
["Tried Posto for the first time after being encouraged by friends. The place has a great vibe and energy. Loved the wine bar and the music playing. \nWe started with the grilled octopus and white beans. Was not a fan of that. It came out cold and appeared to be more of a dip. I was envisioning hot grilled calamari tossed with cannellini beans and oil. Bread is not served at the table, it is an option on the menu which I think is great. I didn't order it because I was thinking of pizza but I am sure it would be good if you have to buy it. \nThe fried calamari were outstanding; fresh and full of flavor. \nMy DC ordered the burger and I got the pizza. The burger was fantastic. I know it's an Italian restaurant but we cook Italian alot and we were in the mood for a burger. Loved the idea that they had it on the menu. My pizza was really tasty.. it is smilier to the Pasta Beach or Gran Gusto restaurant styles; purely Neapolitan. I forgot to ask for it well done, but it was OK anyway. \nDefinitely recommend Posto!"]
["It's between a 2 and a 3.  The interior is really nice and the wood oven is incredible.  The bar area has a great set-up too.  The food itself was really pretty good.  I liked the pizza and it came out of the over very fast.  The red wine was served very cold for some reason..which wasn't good.  The biggest drawback was the service and general feel of the staff.  Many of them seems pretty cold and less than welcoming and a short time after our food arrived, we were asked if we were done several times by several different people.  They seemed like they were rushing us out to use the table.  It took a lot away from the dining experience."]
["After multiple weeks of trying to get a table at a decent hour on Friday, the husband and I finally made it to Posto this weekend. Loved the interior- tall ceilings, rustic wooden decor and a lot of seating. Didn't care much for the fried calamari appetizer but loved the Pizza. We tried the Primavera which is a vegetarian pizza with eggplant and mushrooms. This is probably the first time ever that I liked the Pizza base. It was spongy, flavorful and delicious. Plus, they make a mean negroni. Go here!"]
['Normally I love this place. I usually go and split two apps (one salad and the calamari or two salads and some olives) and then split a pizza for the main course. The pizza\'s are delicious, especially with the spicy olive oil. However, a word of caution- stay away from the mussels. I ordered a special dish (mussels, homemade pasta, cherry tomatoes, and cream sauce). Ever since reading Anthony Bourdain\'s book "No reservations" I have been skeptical of specials with cream sauce (he claims the sauce is a way to hide food that\'s gone bad). Apparently, he\'s right. The dish, which I wanted to try because we always get pizza, had these really gross mussels that were full of sand. I told the waitress, who claimed that that is how they are supposed to taste. As someone who grew up on the cape and Islands, I know that a well prepared mussel dish does not include half sand/half mussel. I eventually sent the dish back and we got comped the dish and got a dessert. I was worried that maybe I had overreacted until I happened to run into my cousin in the restaurant who had also just finished eating the mussels. She said half the dish was rotten. There is seriously nothing worse than sandy rotten seafood. Next time, I will just stick to the deliciously prepared pizzas, salads, and bruschetta...']
["Bar area is nice, and we went in June so the windows were open, which made it nice and airy. It isn't a very quiet place, but it isn't rowdy either - lively would be the right word I think. Active bar area with a couple of TVs for the sports enthusiasts. Completely open kitchen gave this place a fun feel. \nWine selection was good - servings in glasses, half bottles, and full bottles. Reasonably priced. \nCalamari was great - not too breaded, not too chewy, and not burnt - fantastic. The sauce it was served with was pomodoro (seemed heavy on the white wine). We also got the pig ears, which just tasted fried and salty - not too much actual flavor. \nThe pasta we tried was homemade and delicious. The carbonara sauce was Very rich without being overly salty. Pasta was cooked well (not too hard, not mushy). Pizza (calabrese) was also great - good crust, good sauce, good cheese, fresh basil. Quality ingredients that made me happy. Tiramisu for dessert was delic - soft and fluffy with lots of flavor - high marks from me.\nService was great - we never felt neglected. Manager was fantastic - very attentive and accomodating. Food came out fast but we didn't feel rushed."]
["Atmosphere/seating was pretty nice and the service was good.  It was pricey considering the small servings of food (gnocchi starter) and wine.  The pasta was great quality.  Also, I thought the pizza was tasty but my husband wasn't that impressed...  Not sure we'd go back there."]
['We had an average dinner which turned to very much below average when the waitress told us someone was waiting for our table and it was time to leave.  I find this appalling and rude and how convenient for her to say that after we already tipped her.....']
['Been there over 30 times. New to Yelp. Love the food and seasonal changes to the menu.  Sausage pizza and meatball appetizer are phenomenal.  A must stop for anyone in Davis Square.']
["Luuuuuuuuurve this place!!  \n\nI took my boyfriend to Posto for dinner a few weeks ago and now he suggests it every time we are debating where to go!  I'm gunning for a table with our names on it!\n\nFor apps, the meatballs and flatbread are phenomenal.  I also enjoyed the salmon carpaccio special, which was perfectly seasoned, not to vinegar-y and not at all fishy.\n\nI have not tried the pastas because I am addicted to the pizzas.  While I was initially drawn to the more creative pizzas like the roasted peach and pork, I've learned that the good old margherita is by far the best.  The crust is perfectly chewy and the tomatoes and cheese are to die for.\n\nFor drinks, the wine list is fantastic.  If you are interested in cocktails, I recommend the peach sangria.  \n\nOn a side note, we attempted to hit Kickass Cupcakes to round out our decadent meal and it was closed on Sunday night.  Never fear - JP Licks ice cream saved the day!"]
['Doesn\'t take reservations, which was how discovered this place on a packed weekend. While we were told it would be a 25 minute wait, but within 5 minutes we were seated.\n\nService was incredibly fast. Everything was presented clearly and efficently, and our food was out very quickly. \n\nThe parma appetizer is delicious. The fresh figs, not too salty or dry parma, crispy bread and delicious cheese were perfect. Definitely one to share.\n\nThe calamari was good, if not a little chewy. Their home made sauce was delicious - perhaps the best I\'ve ever had. \n\nThe pumpkin risotto was good to try, but not my favorite. Its a fun interpretation of a fall risotto though. The half size is recommended, unless you want lots of leftovers. \n\nAnd finally, we had to try a pizza. While the waitress described it as "individually sized", definitely share it! It is huge! It was tender and flavorful, and appropriately priced for gourmet pizza. \n\nThe place is "atmospheric": high ceilings, exposed brick word, dimmed lighting, and a view straight into the cooks\' workspace, . The only downside was the noise level - even in a side room, it was difficult to hear each other. Not a place for someone with a hearing problem. \n\nThis is one of the few places that my mom has liked in the area, and where everyone was happy as well! I would go here again (we almost did!), and recommend it to anyone who wants to go out in Davis Square, but doesn\'t want to go to the standard square fares.']
['TL;DR -- Service was S-L-O-W and inattentive even though the place wasn\'t crowded. Food came out cold. Portions were extremely small for the price (even after factoring in the fact that Posto buys local ingredients, the portions are still *way* too small). They have a decent beer and wine list and few unique appetizers. If you are just getting drinks or appetizers, it\'s probably not a bad call. But your money is better spent elsewhere if you want a good meal or even just good service. For example, Stone Hearth pizza down the road near Porter has better food, better portions, good beer, and way better price. Only downside to Stone Hearth is the lack of seating during busy times.\n\nFull Review:\n\nI often pass by Posto when walking from Porter to Davis and have thought about stopping there to eat for some time. Finally, after a movie, my girlfriend and I decided to stop in and try the place. It is billed as a pizzeria and wine bar and the initial impression of the interior immediately makes the merging of those two concepts feel up-scale and cozy.\n\nHowever, beyond the niceties of the interior design and furnishings, little was to be enjoyed about this place. The staff took a considerable amount of time to even just ask for our drink orders, despite the fact that the place wasn\'t very crowded and it was before the usual dinner rush times (we ate around 5:00 pm). Our drinks came and there was no complementary appetizer of any sort, such as bread. We decided to order an appetizer, the pumpkin arancini, which cost around $9. The serving size was rather small, but my girlfriend and I usually eat a bit less than most people so it wasn\'t much of a problem for us. I can imagine a group of friends or customers with a larger appetite being very disappointed by the size of this given that it was $9. The aracini, however, was delicious and by far the highlight of the whole experience.\n\nAfter finishing the appetizer, we waited another considerable period before the food was finally served. We waited so long that our drinks were mostly empty by the time dinner arrived and so we asked for glasses of water, which then also took a long time to arrive.\n\nI ordered the brussel sprout wood-fired pizza and was very disappointed. I\'m a big fan of brussel sprouts, but this dish arrived extremely cold (odd for a wood-fired pizza) and just in general did not taste very fresh. The onions on the dish had a very soggy texture to them. My girlfriend ordered a pasta dish, the gnocchi. The portion size for the gnocchi was also underwhelming (again, I don\'t consider myself lumped into the typical American restaurant-goer category of just wishing for heaping portions, but for shelling out almost $20 for each entree, I was expecting much more than what I got. Lots of other local restaurants use high quality local ingredients, as Posto claims to, yet their prices are much more reasonable for the portion sizes.)\n\nThe pasta also seemed a little cold, which led me to believe that our order had been prepared on time and just not delivered to our table very quickly. I imagine this problem would be worse during busier times. The food really was so bad that my girlfriend and I did not finish our meals. We each ate only about half of what we ordered, which ought to be a rare thing at a place billed to have high-class food.\n\nThey had a good beer list and a reasonably diverse wine list. There could be other dishes to try before forming a very negative opinion, but I highly recommend ordering some more "traditional" items on your first trip to Posto, so you will be less likely to be disappointed if the temperature\'s not good, etc.\n\nFinally, when we finished and we were ready to leave, we requested to get our leftovers in boxes (we paid a lot for them after all) and this took a very long time, as did the request for getting our check to leave. One of my biggest pet peeves about restaurants is not making the customer wait to get his or her check.\n\nFor the price (~$55 for two meals, one appetizer, and two beers), Posto was extremely disappointing. The food was not prepared well and the service staff did not pay much attention to our needs at the table. Everyone was polite and the atmosphere was nice and very cozy, but the food and service was just simply quite bad. I give it two stars, refraining from one star only because they have a diverse enough menu that there\'s a good chance some other dishes may be easier to not screw up than my order.\n\nConclusion: if you want a lot of quality for a pricey meal for two, avoid Posto.']
["We both love pizza and couldn't believe neither of us had been to Posto.  And so we both were looking forward to this, before heading to Johnny D's.  We ordered separate pizzas; I have proscuitto and mushroom, he had the Porchetta (pork, swiss chard, red onions).  We shared so each each had a taste of both.  I didn't care for the mushrooms Posto used, and the proscuitto was large uncut slices (as you would use for a sandwich) making it hardly possible to cut the pizza up.  The flavor would have blended better had the proscutto been sliced or cubed.  The Porchetta too was a disappointment, and a bit soggy.  The dough and the wood fire didn't do much for these pies.  Sorry to have to call the Ceasar salad the highlight of the dining experience.  We like wood-fired pizzas and brick-oven pizza, fresh ingredients, which is why we anticipated a great pizza event.  It was very anticlimatic.  Seriously, when the original Bertuccis was located here, they had Posto beat.  I had half of my pizza left, and we had some of the Porchetta left.  We took home neither.  Maybe drinks and apps at the bar would be a better bet."]
["Went here tonight for a mother's day dinner after a lovely afternoon out with my Mom and Dad. We were headed towards Davis and took a sudden stop upon my mom casually noticing the pizza place, and my remembering that I really wanted to check it out.\nI had the Pomodoro pizza with a Cabernet Sauvignon. The Pomodoro was delicious, with a crisp, flavorful crust, fresh mozzarella cheese, and tomatoes and arugula on top. I enjoyed every bit of this pizza. It also took me back to Buenos Aires to see a pizza served with an soft-boiled egg in the center (what my Dad ordered). I tried a piece of this and it was every bit as yummy as I remembered. I think of this kind of pizza as very authentically Italian and different from the typical American fare. That being said, it's not for everyone - I think it's a love-it-or-hate-it deal, and just because you like pizza generally doesn't mean that it will appeal. \nOur waiter was nice and friendly. He took the time to explain all the Italian terms on the menu, without us even asking. He recommended things and was helpful. We even talked about the music that was playing (it was loud and from the sixties, he said it was the chef's iPod). I enjoyed the loud music, I thought it added to a festive atmosphere.\nFor dessert I had the tiramisu, which was creamy and rich and topped with Somerville's Taza chocolate! It was a huge piece, so I couldn't finish it.\nBefore we left, my mom embarrassed me by telling the waiter I was going to give the place a 5 star review. Oh, mom."]
["The first time I ate here I really liked it, the second time around was a HUGE disappointment.  I wonder what changed?! \n1.  The service was disappointing..the server accidentally gave our order to the table next to us.  We had to wait an extra 15 min.  Wouldn't have been a deal breaker if the food had turned out ok but...\n2.  We ordered the bruschetta and it was brought out completely burned.  You couldn't even bite into it because it was charred black.  The waitress was nice about sending it back, but I honestly think it was pretty unprofessional to serve obviously burned food in the first place.\n3.  We also ordered the primavera pizza...it was OK but soggy and lacked any flavor.  \n4.  They were playing loud repetitive techno music the whole time...I don't remember this from the first visit so I have no idea if that is common, but it wasn't exactly enjoyable dinner music.\n5.  Wine pours were pretty meager giving that their cheapest glass was $9.\n6.  The table next to us ordered some sort of a pasta which they took one bite of and loudly declared it was the most disgusting pasta they have ever tried.  Maybe the chef was having an off night? I don't know.\n\nI will not be returning."]
['Amazing food and service (as always!) Mussels for an appetizer- the spicy tomato was a nice complement to the mussels and rosemary flatbread. I had the carbonara, which my boyfriend got last time and I loved it, so I had to get it this time. He got the "traditional" spaghetti sauce over pasta, which was good (but the carbonara was better!) Another thing that\'s nice is that if you buy a bottle of wine, but don\'t finish it, they doggy bag it so you can bring it home with you.']
["I went to Posto back in May when it first opened and decided to go back last night.  While the May trip established Posto as a place to consider, last night's meal made it a place to go back to as soon as I'm hungry.\n\nMy friend and I ordered their calamari as an appetizer and were not disappointed.  It was incredibly fresh and cooked well.  Plus the tomato sauce served with it was nicely warmed up.\n\nI ordered their seasonal Colorado lamb entree and was blown away.  The lamb was cooked spot on, practically melted in my mouth and each bite was full of flavor.  My friend had the tortellini and was equally pleased with the dish.  Before ordering dessert, we already agreed that another visit in the future was warranted.\n\nThe service was at it's best.  Each course came out as soon as it was ready, with minimal waiting.  Never felt rushed to finish our meal, which says something considering it was a Friday night."]
["I've been there twice now, both times for dinner. The food is excellent, and the servers are attentive and pleasant.\n\nHowever, I really expect the bread at a restaurant of this caliber (and price range) to be complementary, and the place can be really loud due to the music, conversations, and echoey ceilings."]
["Yum yum!  I stopped by on the way home with a friend and had a lovely dinner together!  We both had pizza (and only pizza, so I can't comment on the other reviewers' issues with drinks/pastas).  The pizzas were delicious!  The crusts were perfectly cooked and the toppings were authentic and tasty.  The prices were a bit higher than I was hoping for, but the atmosphere was nice and the decor classy.  I'd definitely classify it as a first/second date location, probably not the place my bf and I will crash for cozy food, but where I'll tell my friends to take someone that they just met.  Its trendy without trying too hard and if you get bored you can always stare into the wood fire.  :-)"]
["Thank goodness for good pizza! I had the margherita, my husband had the pepperoni. We split a half carafe of wine and a strawberry-rhubarb crisp. Every single thing was delicious and filling. As for the pizza, it took me straight back to Naples, which was a pleasant surprise. Lines get crazy around 7:15 on weekends, but if you go earlier there's plenty of space."]
['The waitstaff were friendly, polite and attentive.  The food was delicious and well-timed.  The atmosphere was intimate and relaxing.']
['I think an update is in order, based on the new items I tried.  \n\nApparently, Posto now offers a burger (has this always been the case?) that is, surprisingly, really not bad.  I shared this with a friend who ordered the meat well-done, yet it still arrived juicy and moist.  To me, this signals egregious butter-utilization to keep the well-browned meat moist, unless the restaurant uses particularly fatty ground beef.  The bun had excellent chew, was grilled to a light char on the inside of the slices, and was squishy inside.  It stood up well to the gushing river of grease that leaked out of the burger when I bit into it.  This is certainly not a healthy-tasting burger, and it made me feel heavy upon completion of my half, but it was solid comfort-food.  I would not order it again, but i\'m happy I tried it.  Apparently, it used to come with fries, but now comes with homefries.  The pluralization of "homefries" is used very very liberally here, as the accompaniment was about 8 baby potato chunks browned on the outsides but mealy and dry on the inside.  I like to think i\'m an equal opportunity lover of fries and fry-like items, but these were indisputably pretty awful.  Please please please switch back to French fries, Posto, if in fact you offered these before!\n\nI also sampled the parma board, which came much differently-presented/executed than what I\'d expected. I was picturing an arrangement of piles of crostini, prosciutto, cheese, a drizzle of honey, etc.  However, what arrived was four (4) bruschetta-like presentations of chewy bread with apple and honey layered on top, and small piles of prosciutto to layer over each of the four pieces of un-grilled squishy bread chunks.  For the roughly $13-14 this cost, I was unimpressed with the size of the offering, and think a better value could be found in other appetizer options...hell, this is almost the price of one of their fabulous pizzas, which are tastier and more filling.  The appetizer tasted fresh and was, all around, enjoyable, but if you\'re looking for a tasty-yet-substantial sharing appetizer that represents a good value for the price, my suggestion is to skip this and go for a pizza to share.\n\nWhile I am happy I tried both options, I\'d recommend neither.  Stick with the pizzas and pasta, and you\'re still in for a 4-5 star meal.']
['Yum!  Exactly what Davis and Porter Square were missing.  We went here last night with friends and it was a great experience.   Yummy food  (olives, bread, salads, ravioli, and pizza)and good wine.  We picked a good time where we could have a relaxing and long dinner without feeling rushed out. I can see how they could have a very long line.  Atmosphere was great and service was OK.  I will definitely return.']
['Yum! We went for a light dinner. We split the margherita pizza, olive appetizer  and the lamb appetizer. It was good for the price. We got soda...no alcohol. Total was about $30. We will definitely go again!']
["I have eaten pizza all over the country and if you think this is the best you better expand your horizons past Somerville. Now don't get me wrong it's a very nice restaurant and the staff is highly attentive (I would rate service at 5 stars) but I think the food about a B. It is fairly loud but it has excellent ambiance.  If you live in the Davis Square area it's worth trying but I would not go out my way to get here.   Much better pizza in the North End (I'll take the original Regina's anyday) and the best pizza is still found in New Haven CT and NYC."]
["I went back to Posto a couple months after the first visit, and my one complaint (high price-to-quantity ratio) has gone away.  I'm pretty sure they've increased the size of their pizza and bread -- not extraordinarily, but enough that it feels like a better value -- and the calamari appetizer was frankly enormous for its price (and incredibly light, crisp, and delicious).\n\nI also had the (seasonal?) Peach White Sangria, which was the most delicious drink to cross my lips in quite a long time.  Bliss.  Between the drink and the size increase (and the consistently high food quality of both visits), I'm ready to upgrade my rating to 5 stars."]
["Best food, service, and ambiance I've experienced since I moved to Cambridge a year ago.  Probably the best pizza my fiancee and I have ever had (and we're from Brooklyn).  We had the fig pizza and it was absolutely incredible.  The charcuterie plate is one of the best  we've had.  Topped it off with the strawberry rhubarb dessert.  Delicious.  Unbelievably down to earth and attentive staff.  I think we've found our spot...."]
['Finally a place that appears to have staying power in this "cursed" location. We had been wanting to try this new restaurant but also wanted to give them a couple months to work out the kinks.\n\nM wife is 8 months pregnant and is supposed to avoid unpasteurized cheese. Most fresh mozzarella is is unpasteurized so we figured we\'d have to opt for the vegan pie. Our waiter overheard my wife and I discussing this and the next thing we knew, the owner himself came out to describe how they make they their cheese from pasteurized whey. This level of service and attentiveness seemed to be par for the course all meal.  At one point, we witnessed the hostess - dressed in heals - running down the street a block or two to give one couple their forgotten leftovers.\n\nOh, but what about the food? We had the vegan pizza, but with Mozzarella. It was absolutely delicious, as the was the Caprese salad we also had.\n\nCan\'t wait to go back.']
["Wow, those comments are misleading.  You guys owe me a refund.  We had the gnocchi which was tasteless chunks of Silly Putty.  Also mushroom tagliatelle, which was drowning in oil, and not the good kind.  The other reviews don't mention that a piece of bread costs $2.50, &amp; doesn't come with olive oil.  And don't seat yourself at an empty outside table--a woman came over and scolded us for not going inside first.  What an unpleasant experience."]
["My first visit to Posto and here is my first review on Yelp. I enjoyed this restaurant that much, and I would like to see it stay. Davis Square needs a place like Posto. Though brimming with greasy pizza, burgers, Indian, and pub food (all of which have their place), Davis Square lacks what Posto has to offer: simple food executed in a unique way using quality (often local) ingredients. Oh, and they also have lots of interesting wines and a knowledgeable, friendly staff. \n\nPosto's Yelp category is Pizza. This pizza is baked on dough that is MADE IN-HOUSE DAILY with FRESH MOZZARELLA, which is also made in-house. Baked in a wood fire oven, it's crisp, chewy, and delicious. We tried the sausage and broccoli rabe. The sausage was flavorful and not oily and the rabe still had bite. But you'd be short-changing yourself if you limited your choices to pizza. Many of the pastas are also homemade including the Pappardelle--the one I tried. The portion was generous and the sauce did not over power the flavor of the pasta. As far as the appetizers: WOOD FIRED SQUID with white beans was not presented the way I expected but still offered an addictive flavor and texture. The CAPRESE SALAD boasted the aforementioned mozzarella and local cherry tomatoes with sweet balsamic.\n\nAs far as service, we were waited on by an engaging and industry-savy bartender who knows her food and drink menu. The food was great, but she made the night and, really, inspired this review. We sat down around 9:50 and were not discouraged from taking our time with the menu. \n\nThe only major downside is that outside diners are unable to enjoy adult beverages. This has to do with limitations imposed by the city--we can only hope it won't be a long-term limitation."]
["Hard to say enough about this restaurant.  Went with my kids last Friday, and had a wonderful experience.  Sometimes when you bring kids to a restaurant, you feel as though the staff would have preferred you stayed home - you are seated in a back corner and given icy stares.  But here they were accommodating-even fawning-over my children.  I ordered a pizza as an appetizer for the table and a delicious caesar salad.  The kitchen was happy to prepare plain pasta for my daughter, with just a drizzle of olive oil and parmesan.  The staff came over frequently, and one of the owners came over to chat.  When it was time for dessert, he recommended the cannoli, which he said was homeade, but I deferred and just ordered ice cream for the kids.  Well, he came back with a cannoli anyway, and told me it was a gift and that he knew I'd enjoy it.  Just totally a great experience.  The prices were moderate, but you can go high or keep it low --it all depends on what you order.  I noticed some people were just having wine and small plates.  I will return many times in the future for certain."]
["This place definitely exceeded my expectations.  I love, love gourmet pizza, and this is about as good as it gets in the Boston area.   I went with my boyfriend and his parents, who were visiting from Puerto Rico for the weekend.  We made reservations, which was smart because the place was packed by 7:30.  Everything that we ordered was amazing.  Plenty of options for the 2 vegetarians in the group, and lots of classic pasta dishes that were executed perfectly.  Mushroom pizza with arugula was a big hit. Bruschetta appetizer was outstanding (the balsamic they drizzle on that is out of this world).  Out waiter was also super nice, and bumped the review up to 5.  He noticed we were speaking in spanish and asked if we were visiting from out of town. Suddenly we noticed that there was classic puerto rican salsa music playing.  He must have suggested it to the manger, because before that there was some other lame music playing.  Very thoughtful gesture - waiter was attentive too. I wish there wasn't  a TV in this place, but other than that no complaints"]
["Traditional Italian pizza, so you need to see tomato sauce in the ingredients list to get tomato sauce on your pizza. I didn't realize that, so I was surprised when it came without. Excellent service, decent prices. \n\nThe chilled octopus appetizer was excellent, though it came in this weird glass container that looked like tupperware. The cheese balls were just okay, nothing surprising. The pizza crust edge was puffier than I like, but the dough was nice and oily and left us feeling satiated and not bloated. The portions are a nice size."]
['Ah Posto, I like-ah so much, a-very nice!  This might be my favorite restaurant in my hood.   I\'m here a lot, either for a full meal or just a few drinks &amp; apps after work.  They have a wine preservation system imported from Italy that lets them serve more expensive stuff by the glass. They named it "Enzo", obviously.   Pretty solid selection but it\'s always a little confusing for me since it\'s mostly Italian.   They know their list pretty well so don\'t be afraid to ask.  Great beer list also.  The rosemary sea salt bread with chile oil is a must, and pretty much everything else on the menu is delicious.  Nonna\'s homemade meatballs, pasta al ragu, the fig pizza &amp; the meatball pizza are a few of my favorites.  They have outdoor seating when the weather is good. Super friendly staff. Go here.']
['Clean airy modern design with some well placed softening touches. Open ceiling but so well up-kept that it is open, fresh and clean. Gin gin mule is amazing. Well balanced with a little kick from the Ginger beer. 5 o\'clock somewhere was also a wonderful drink and I\'m not usually a fan of grapefruit. My dining compatriots and I did a good job of the mixed drink menu and everyone was very satisfied. Had the olives and carpacchio to start. Can\'t believe a cup of wonderful olives that 3 people couldn\'t finish was only 5 bucks! We had the blanco and fig pizzas which were both fresh, tasty and well presented. Figs were of great quality and the crust was tender. The arugula which was generously added to the carpacchio and pizzas was fresh, tender and mild. Finished with the tiramisu which was a perfect mix of light and decadent! My compatriots had the limoncello which was both tasty and only $4 a glass! My dessert drink was "what the dude drinks" and its tasty self with a good pour of vodka (without being overbearing). I\'m kicking myself for not being here sooner!']
['After changing the reservation day off, we were sat as soon as we arrived.  The waiter was very patient as we took out time picking out drinks and gave some nice suggestions for pizza choices by asking questions first about our preferences on certain items.  Dinner was delicious!  The seafood tortellini had the whole table drooling.  I would highly recommend!']
["My wife and I ate at Posto the second night it was open --- a very busy Friday night.  We were told a table would take 45 minutes, and we were seated within about a half hour.  The whole experience was excellent, and we have been back once since.  Because there was a long wait for tables, we ate at the bar, and enjoyed chatting with the bartender/servers and neighboring patrons. \n\nWe plan to frequent the place as we will do what we can to keep this outstanding local establishment going!!  [Eating and drinking like a gourmet... it's the least we can do!]\n\nWine list is exceptional as it included wines for both the seasoned palate as well as some reasonably priced wines by the glass.\n\nBoth times the appetizers were excellent ---- salads and the meatball appetizer was unbelievable!  \n\nThe pizzas are well cooked and flavorful --- definitely a cut above.  \n\nBoth the service and the ambiance are exceptional ---- in our experience, the staff has been both attentive and helpful.  The decor, the bar, lighting and open seating area are all quite pleasing.\n\nOverall --- Posto is a terrific addition to the Davis Square dining scene, and offers a casual but stylish and delicious option that is unmatched.\n\nGO THERE!  TWICE!"]
['Great pizza!  The service was speedy and the ambiance was perfect.  I was very pleased.']
['Nice place, dark with candles everywhere, classy setup. Food was very good. we had pizza and its was superb. they dont do bottle beers so i was forced to try a draught and i wasnt diassapointed. I had the peroni. Really good. Service was the only disappointing part about the trip. it wasnt great to be honest and I rang yesterday to see if i could order to go to pick up and the guy on the phone told me they do pick up anymore aparently the pizza doesnt taste good when you bring it home???? This comment bothered me.. it doesnt hold up to go a few streets down the road... so i docked it a comment for the service and the fact that they are no longer offering take out.']
['This is one of the best values around for great pizza, salads and wines by the glass.']
['Inviting atmosphere. \nDelicious food.\nHad a great vibe.  ( see my other review.)']
['Best pizza that I\'ve had in the Boston area. Sure, it\'s not hard to top Bumblef*ck House of Pizza, but seriously, this is exactly how pizza should be. Thin crust with a perfect balance of chewyness and char. San Marzano tomato sauce that isn\'t thrown on by the bucketful, and homemade Fior Di Latte. What else could you possibly ask for. They also make a killer bolognese. AS others have mentioned, you\'re better off texting the person across the table from you because hearing them during peak dinner hours will not be possible here. I also agree that their prices are high. Come down $2-$3 on the pizzas, and I might bump this up to 5 stars despite having a sore throat from yelling "WHAT??!!" hundreds of times to the other person at my table']
['Since writing this review, I was emailed by the kind owner of this establishment. He was extremely kind and welcoming, and sent me a gift card. I will try Posto again, especially since they fired the bad manager.']
['Perhaps it was just an off night, but we were Disappointed in everything but the wine and the service. Cold bruschetta, stale breadsticks, undercooked eggplant, chewy calamari. Expensive and noisy.']
['Me and my boyfriend went here for dinner and had great expectations because it had a nice location, decor and a patio. We were pretty dissapointed. We ordered drinks and my boyfriend ordered the eggplant pizza and I ordered the gnocci. The waiter told us that the half size of the gnocci was an appetizer size so i went for the full dinner size ($20). \nWe waited one hour for our food (no exaggeration!). When the food finally came the eggplant pizza was very burnt and even had a big black burnt bubble on the crust. My plate came with about 10 gnocci only which was soggy and mushy and was also burnt which was a surprise because I didnt think gnocci could burn like that... Definitely not worth the 20$ \nWe thought the reason it probably took so long was because of the pizza and that they were making it fresh until we saw the table next to us also order a pizza and get it within 10 minutes. \nThe only good thing about the restaurant was the drinks!']
['My girlfriend and I decided to try Posto after passing by this restaurant a few times. We were attracted by the exterior and the promise of an authentic Italian pizzeria. After deciding to have a quite night at home with a bottle of wine we ordered takeout. After ordering the Tuscano ($17) and the Caprese Salad ($8) we were told that the order would not be placed until we arrived to pick it up. After waiting 10 minutes we were appalled when we were given a personal sized pizza and a container with a few, and I mean few, tomatoes, mozzarella cheese, one onion slice covered in a very conservative amount of balsamic. For $27 we were treated to a meal that wouldn\'t and didn\'t fill even one of us up. The takeout menu online is very misleading as it doesn\'t state that their pizzas are personal sized, their salads are minuscule, and their takeout is not takeout at all but rather a "call in but still wait until your order gets placed" service. I will never return to this mirage.']
["My 16-yo daughter and I enjoyed dinner at Posto's on a Sunday evening.  We did not have reservations, but they seated us without a wait.  The service was friendly and swift.  The food was very good, but not quite worth the high prices (e.g., $15 pizza and $17 calzone) but there was more than enough to take home.  Parking was easy as the location is just outside of Davis Square.  We'll definitely go again.  Oddly, however, the dessert was seriously delayed, but it was good."]
["This place gets a 4 for food, but are being docked for the prices.  For a Davis Square eatery, it's a bit on the pricey side. A friend of ours went here when they first opened and said that he had a horrible experience - burnt pizza. He much preferred the Flatbread Co, also in Davis Square. We decided to give this place a try anyways.  The first time we tried to go, there was a huge wait for dinner; we guessed it couldn't be that bad if people were waiting in line for it, so went back for lunch another time. My husband and I split a pizza,  the crab tortellini and ordered a couple drinks. The crab tortellini was excellent.  The Campania pizza seemed to be missing a little something, but was decent. I agreed with my friend that Flatbread had better pizza. Cute concept - but small place. This hasn't been a great spot for most restaurants - we've seen a lot of restaurants come and go from this location - so time will be the ultimate test."]
['This place is amazing.  Service was great, food was delicious, reservations are a good idea or you can eat at the bar which we did and enjoyed thoroughly.  We shared a small pasta, salad, and pizza and had a wonderfull meal.']
["Ate here with a friend.  It was busy for a weekday night so we were glad we had a reservation. The pizza was great, and the blood orange martini was insane.  I found all the staff and servers very nice and helpful.  The only drawback on the pizza is that it's too big for 1 person and too small for 2 people.  I'd have taken a doggy bag but I was going out after dinner.  This seems like a great place for a first date, very nice but not stuffy.  Also a great place for dinner with friends, very casual but elegant.  My friend also enjoyed her pizza.  Glad this location finally has a restaurant that will be here for a long time."]
["I've been by the space Posto now occupies when it was held by prior businesses, but Posto makes the best use of the space and delivers some great food on top of it. The hostess was very accomodating when my friend was arriving almost half an hour late after our reservation. We had some calamari and pizza (separately), with a very fruity wine. The service was top notch. It's a bit expensive, but excellent for special occasions or if you have the money to burn on a good night out."]
['i loved it here. the service was good, pizza delicious. one pizza is a lot for one person but splitting it is too little. i had the onions, the special mozzarella cheese, ricotta cheese, and tomato sauce']
["I really wanted to like this restaurant after reading all the raving reviews about the place. The service was very attentive  so much so in fact my boyfriend wondered when we would not have someone there all the time. The sangria was very good the food was okay. The spaghetti carbonara was pretty good the only thing was the peas were so undercooked you couldnt even chew them and the pasta all stuck together. The fig pizza was pretty good just a little soggy in the center. We also got the aranacini and the calamari which was the worst part of the dinner. The tomato sauce was so underseasoned it tasted like crushed tomatoes with nothing else and with an aftertaste. Our calamari was pretty much all the ones with the legs which was not appetizing to us. My boyfriend and i have a big passion for food because he is a chef and I am in the food and beverage industry but this place dissapointed us after all the hype we had heard about it. We probably wont be back here sadly unless it's for drinks."]
['My search for good Neapolitan pizza ended at Posto. The pizza was just like I was craving for, slightly burnt, warm and chewy crust thinning on the centre. I got the olives as an appetizer which were really good and the bianco pizza which had sublime flavors of arugula, mozzarella, garlic, basil and lemon zest. The place has a cozy feel to it, but was awfully noisy. Service was top notch with the waitress aiming to be helpful and prompt. I had a reservation so I was done with the meal in an hour, but I did see people waiting on my way in and out. Go give it a shot if you want your pizza the authentic way!']
["Small portions and  exorbitant prices. Pizza was brown around the edges and raw on the bottom. Small rectangular take out container of pasta $17.00. Pasta Boulonnaise is supposed to be flavorful and you're supposed to taste the wine in it. This was flavorless!! As another reviewer wrote, I wish they put as much effort into the food as the wording of the menu."]
['This place is great!  The hubby and I ate at Posto earlier this week.  We went at about 7:30 and they were full with about a 10 minute wait for a seat outside.  The service was perfect, the waiter was very prompt about taking our drink and food orders.  He was never hovering or annoying, but always around just when we needed something.  The food was very tasty. We had a Caesar salad, the pasta Carbonara, a side of rosemary bread and the sausage pizza.  Everything was delicious!  The pizza crust was perfectly crisped and chewy.  We will definitely be back again']
["5* is solely because they have likely the best Margherita pizza in Boston.  I know that's not saying much, but it really is a great pizza.  If you get one of the other pies on the menu, know that they are good but maybe you won't feel like it was worth your wait or the price.  But the Margherita really is almost as good as it gets and that's really special for a place like Boston which doesn't have much if any really good pizza.  I did not get the bianca or the marinara (two other more traditional pies which they have on the menu) so I can't comment on those.  We did get the Asparagus and the Soppressata, which we enjoyed, but next time I'll stick with the Margherita because it was so much better."]
['Love, love, love!  Future hubs and I came here tonight on an impromptu date night.  Atmosphere was fantastic: candles aglow beside their simple yet elegant carafes lined along the shelves.  We sat at the bar: the boy had a Gimlet and I a glass of Las Rocas and a glass of Matane.  Our bartender, Diana, was beyond amazing.  She was just so on point: she was totally there when you needed her, but so not totally in your face like other bartenders tend to be.  Diana is quite perceptive, and you find that she provides exactly what you need at exactly the right time.  The food was quite good too.  Their pizza list is perfect: not too overwhelmingly long, but just long enough to be interesting.  The calamari was fresh, not overly breaded, and totally hit the spot along with the garlic-spiked marinara.  The spicy red pepper oil they serve table side brought our Toscano pizza to a whole other level.  We made friends with one of their regulars who gushed on and on about the amazing-ness of their Honeycome Tripe Pomodoro. So excited to find this place in Davis Square.  Will come here, again and again.']
['As the Yelp stars describe it, Yay! I\'m a fan.  I\'ve so far been to Posto twice.  Once with my boyfriend, and a second time with my dad and grandma.  Both times I went the food was delicious and the service was pretty good, though not great.  I appreciate not being bugged constantly by waitstaff, but they were leaning a little too far in the other direction at times.  My main gripe with Posto is the price.  I really do think the pizzas are overpriced, but I am really that big of a sucker for wood fired pizza that I have to come back.  I will say one thing...this is a better option for 3+ people than it is for "date night".  I felt like I was getting a much better deal on 2 pizzas, a carafe of wine (the cheapest red on the menu, by the way, is a fantastic pizza beer and great for the price), and a beer for 3, than when it was just the boyfriend and me eating there.  Either way, I think Posto is great and I\'m glad to have it in the neighborhood, but I would certainly be back more often if the prices were a little less steep.']
["Really, 4.5 stars. We like going for lunch because it is easier to get a seat, but whether it is totally full or not-so-many people, we find that the service is consistently solid, and the food is really solid. If I had to mark it down 1/2 star from the 5 stars, it would be that the beverages are on the pricey side. We had an Aperol Spritz (some Aperol, white wine &amp; soda water) and it is about 10 bucks. It wasn't even close to that expensive in Venice.... all of the food that we've had has been really, really good (the olives are the best deal in the city) with the exception of the steak frite, which was okay, but I expected better fries...."]
["I could eat here every night and be a very happy girl. Posto is the best thing to happen in Davis Square in quite some time and I could not be happier that it's there! We have been three times now and each experience has been a home run.  The bartenders are full of personality and work quickly; we are never waiting for anything.  All three times, we have ordered a salad, a pizza and a half portion of pasta (the Maine crab tortellini is amazing as is the braised rabbit pappardelle).  The pizzas are perfect, we have tried the Bianca, pesto chicken and Tuscano.  The arancini app is also worth mentioning.  Beer selection is good, the Peroni flows freshly from the tap and the wines are great, although slightly overpriced.  On top of the great service and fantastic food, the bar/restaurant itself is gorgeous.  I highly recommend Posto and am already plotting my next visit."]
['Been there twice. Pizza crust is bland. The toppings are fresh and tasty. The pizza is overpriced--no matter how good the ingredients, in the end, it is only dough with some scant toppings on it. Drinks are overpriced too. Place is very loud and crowded. First time service was bad. Second time it was better. You could get a full, delicious meal at a better restaurant for what it costs for pizza here. If you like noisy, crowded, trendy places where you pay for location and hip atmosphere--this could be the place for you.']
["So my friend ordered a few pizzas for takeout because he lives like 5 minutes up the street. I've gotta say it is slightly better than before but it's not what real Neapolitan pizza is supposed to be. You could tell it wasn't baked right because it was evenly browned and to crunchy. I saw a couple videos of the owner saying that he was baking around 1000F which is totally false. Based on what the pizzas look,feel and taste like they aren't baked anywhere near 1000F more like 750-800. The cheese was also rubbery. My friend said he payed like $50 for 3 pizzas and I just laughed. I don't mind paying for good pizza but this isn't worth it."]
["Posto is PHENOMENAL!! Everything from the food to the service is superb.  We have hosted 2 events here.  One small event for 17 people in their private dining room and most recently we had a bridal shower for 60 people in the main dining room.  Everyone worked really hard to make sure we had everything we needed.  The wait staff did not miss a beat and they were constantly in communication with me asking me if everything was going ok and if the pace of the food was coming out right.  They truly cared to make it a memorable experience.  All of our guests were very pleased and could not stop commenting on how great everything was.  At the end of the bridal shower, the wait stuff even helped us bring all the gifts out to our car, they went above and beyond and it was truly appreciated!!! I highly recommend Posto to anyone looking to host an event whether it's for 10 people or 60 people their service is unparalleled!!!!"]
['I know this is a pizza place but I am going to start by saying the Tiramisu here is the best tiramisu I have ever tasted so if you go here you must try it. We ordered several items on the menu and I thoroughly enjoyed the Pumpkin Risotto, the Tuscano Pizza (with San Marzano tomatoes, sopressata, sausage, red peppers, fior di latte, oregano and roasted garlic), and the seasalt bread. Would definitely go back when craving pizza (or tiramisu)!']
['$18 for a pizza eeekkks Me thinks NOT! It is PIZZA for #%&amp;! Steak, not fillet. It was tasty but SO NOT worth the price or long wait.']
["From the second I walked in, until the moment we were leaving, I was totally impressed with how friendly the staff was here. I don't know if this guy was the owner or what, but there was one man who made it a point to say hello and goodbye to me, which I thought was very nice. The waitress was very social and very cool and very attentive.\nThe food really was wonderful. I tried the fresh mozzarella caprese salad, and the pumpkin risotto, and both were amazing! The piece de resistance was definitely the oozing, yummy, chocolate lava cake! To die for!\nI also have to say I was extremely impressed that Posto only serves new England raised meat from local farms and used a lot of other local food products including Taza chocolate. Restaurants that serve locally grown/raised foods are rare.\nI also loved that as great as the food was, you could totally go to Posto for just drinks and apps. The drink and beer selection was awesome, also featuring some local and affordable options.\nThe atmosphere was really pleasant. The music was audible but not loud and the temperature was very comfortable.\nOverall Posto serves up sophisticated yest simple food without being snobby. Anyone would feel comfortable coming here.\nI will definitely go back!\n\nPS- I honestly have to say that the people here on Yelp that have written poor reviews of Posto, must be crazy. I left feeling totally full, and satisfied. These people clearly have ridiculous standards and are probably never happy at any restaurant"]
['The hour and a half wait for our table was a bit much. Brick oven pizza with crispy salami was good.  Check your receipt, with a rushed waitress our bill was not correct.']
['My new favorite place! The vibe is great, the decor is cool, the wait staff is very knowledgeable about the menu, and the pumpkin risotto is TO DIE FOR. I look forward to going back soon to try their brunch menu.']
["I've been twice so far, and I'm surprised by some of the negative reviews. Nice, sophisticated atmosphere, a good location -- a great addition to the neighborhood (where dive and Irish bars generally rule). The food is also delicious, although I think they do better in salads and pasta than in the pizza (which is a bit doughy and not tomato-y enough to be Italian style -- better pizza can be had at Cambridge One in Harvard Sq). We ordered the risotto special the other day, and it was scrumptious. Yes, it's a little bit more pricey than what we see in Davis/Porter, but I'm happy to pay a few bucks extra for the atmosphere and the nice cocktails."]
["This place was delicious. Will definitely be back, can't wait in fact!"]
['Posto is more than just an authentic pizzeria; it is a simple, casual, but thoughtful all-around restaurant that gets all the small details right, starting with informed, thoughtful service. This is that rare establishment that is wise enough to keep a small, focused menu in order to everything well. Prices are reasonable (the desserts are a downright bargain) and even the tea is first-rate (for what most restaurants charge for a tea bag, Posto offers loose tea in a Japanese teapot). The only drawbacks are noise and the no-reservations policy. But Posto is that rare restaurant actually worth waiting for.']
["initially i gave this place 3 stars in an earlier review. years later, i am shocked this place is still in business. in a nutshell, here are my 2 awful experiences: tried to get a table one night with my family. waited about 6 minutes at the front...not a single staff member approached us to ask if we had been helped/put on a waiting list etc. we left after another couple of minutes. regardless of how busy the restaurant was, i couldn't believe how long we were ignored for. second, possibly even worse experience: went there with a few friends for my birthday on a sunday night (wasn't my first choice but figured i'd give this place another chance).  my boyfriend ordered a draft beer. they bring him half a glass or foamy bottom-of-the barrel beer, they said they ran out but are replacing the keg and will give him a full glass as soon as it's ready. fine. whatever. he drank the half glass, didn't say anything else to the waiter the rest of the time. our bill comes and the beer is on the bill. we remind the waiter that we got a half-glass so we should only pay for a half-glass ...the waiter gives us attitude, says 'o actually the keg is all set now, i can bring you a full beer'. we say that we have finished eating and have obviously already asked for the check....why didn't he bring the full beer earlier? he says he'll have to check with a manager bc it's really not common practice to take it off the bill...we were shocked. it seemed like a pretty simple request for a very obvious mistake that he, the waiter, made. either tell the customer u don't have the beer or bring half a glass now and remember to bring the rest of it asap...or give the customer the 1/2 glass for free and have him choose another beer afterwards, which you have in stock...and charge full price for that second beer. we left a small tip and i refuse to go back there again. mediocre, overpriced food. terrible service. enough said."]
["Such a great place!! I really hope this restaurant finally survives in a location that has seen many restaurants come and go over the years. The atmosphere is great - there is a bar with a few TVs and plenty of tables, we only needed to wait a few minutes (but happy there was a wait - means there is a lot of activity!). The pizza is fantastic, and the bread they give you before is delicious! The menu is a bit limited - just wood-fired pizza and pasta, but there are so many choices within those categories! Fantastic sangria, and the staff was great. They let us sit and chat for four hours, and didn't even kick us out when it was 30 minutes past closing time. They can't serve alcohol in their outdoor seating, but the inside is great. Definitely recommend this place!"]
["Went to Posto on Wednesday night and had a great time.  \n\nThere was a 20 minute wait but the hostess offered to get us drinks which was really nice and then she told us all about how Posto is trying to be the first restaurant in MA to have certified Neapolitan style pizza, pretty cool.\n\nDinner was really good, I loved the guanciale pizza I had, it had a cracked egg in the middle which I loved. We also had a three been salad which was awesome and some crispy pig ears which were also good.\n\nOur waitress was really sweet and helpful. The only negative thing about the night was the guy that walked around the place with a scowl on his face the entire night, I don't know who he is, he must be the manager, at one point I saw him talking to our waitress and afterward she seemed upset and not so cheery when she came back to check on our food. That guy looked pissed off the whole night and he seemed to be creating this negative mood within the restaurant, when we were waiting for our drinks he was behind the bar helping the bartender and he looked really pissed off then too. I don't think he knows how to smile or the fact that when you work in a restaurant it is important to smile to your guests at all times to help create a good mood and atmosphere. That guy is a downer, he made me feel uncomfortable, hopefully he was just having a bad night he's not always like that, if he is I feel bad for the staff, I would not want to work for that guy.\n\nOverall though I liked this place, they have a great set up and really good food, I will go back for sure."]
["Excellent place for pizza and drinks--some very interesting dishes--there looked to be interesting pasta on the menu, too. We had arancini as an appetizer, which was a delight. Very nice beer wine and cocktail menu too, and the wine menu is very extensive. Our pizza came with a chili oil that was very good with the pizza and although unusual a really great addition. Overall very strong service and food quality. We really enjoyed our meal here, and will be back. This place was new, so yesterday we saw a long line to get in--so be warned, this place can be busy--but they deserve it. We went at 5:45 on Saturday and didn't have to wait."]
['Pros: The appetizers and bread were delicious. Esp the bread - sea salt bread with the salt baked into it. Salty delicious goodness. The calamari looks like a small portion, but it is like an endless pit. Very good! The servers were VERY nice. Can\'t say the same for the manager, but more on that later. \n\nCons: Where to begin. We walked in an it was an hour wait. We were fine with that. The hostess directed us to the full service bar to pass the time. \n\nProblem #1: There were people seated all around the bar eating, and there was literally no where to order a drink, and the bartender was not serving. Like, not doing anything, just hanging out with the people eating. NOT SERVING. So, we went to another bar nearby to get a drink. This place is already losing money on all the people waiting who would have ordered a drink if it were possible. \nProblem #2: They ran out of dough. We discovered this after we\'d been waiting another 45 minutes for food AFTER eating our appetizers. I finally asked, "So, break it down for me, are we getting served anytime soon? I\'m noticing that no one in this place is eating." Reluctantly the waitress admitted that they\'d run out of dough. We were given a free bowl of olives for our trouble. \nProblem #3: They don\'t know how to make pizza. The bottom of the pizza was burned. Chewing the crust gave me lockjaw. They probably rushed it because they were running so behind, but that\'s just piss poor. \nProblem #4: It took ANOTHER 20 minutes to get the check after asking for it. \nProblem #5: I finally spoke to the manager. I went up to the person who looked like he was the manager. I said, "Excuse me, sir, are you the manager?" He said, "That depends." I couldn\'t believe it. We\'d been in his restaurant for over 3 hours and he said that to me. Appalling. I was very nice to him and he did comp a lot of stuff. But would I come back again? Probably not. \n\nIn a nutshell: \nPretty restaurant with good appetizers \nOverpriced DISGUSTING pizza \nWay too slow, ran out of dough \nProfessional servers, unprofessional management \n\nP.S. The take home boxes are boxes from another restaurant turned inside out and stamped with Posto. Hilarious!']
['service was rude, with the exception of some friendly bartenders. the watermelon basil lemon drink was amazing. the "full" size tortellini was tiny, and it came cold on a piping hot plate (not fooled). pizza crust was kinda chewy, but it was still good. amazing thyme vinaigrette.']
